Carmen felt warmth flood her face.
No stone left unturned until I see the blood of my tipster-nemesis flood the ground beneath her panicked body.
A soft light was beginning to flood the bedroom when she finally fell into an exhausted sleep.
In a flood of tears and half-controlled sobs she got to her feet, and handkerchief to her face, dashed across the room toward the entrance.
Midhat caused many of the dams to be destroyed and for some years occasional steamers were run between Meskene and Hillah in flood time, from April to August.
The full import of his actions hit her, bringing a flood of warmth to her face.
The flood of nations begins to subside into its normal channels.
She neared him, sensing a flood of raw emotion she didn't understand.
The warmth returned to his eyes, chasing a flood of heat up her throat.
His son also died and became the national household deity of the Ahoms. The origin of mankind is connected with a flood legend.
Hopefully her family would be in the restaurant now – safe from any flooding on the highway.
Flooding of portions of permanent-way 24 22.
True to form, he showed no reaction to the surprise visitor as he casually flipped on the switch, flooding the room in light.
An uncomfortable warmth surged up her neck, flooding her cheeks.
In addition mining operations are subject to interruption and added expense from explosions, mine fires, flooding, and the caving-in of the workings.
The idea was even mooted of damming up the river near Hauconcourt, and thus, flooding out the whole of the civil population of Metz; but expert civil engineers, who were sent for from Germany, reported against the proposal.
The annual flooding now appears to be actually beneficial to the stonework, by removing the disintegrating salts and incrustations.
For the purpose of getting rid of the water, and obviating the flooding of such deep workings, it has been found necessary to construct drainage works of some magnitude.
Prince Andrew, leaning his arms on the raft railing, gazed silently at the flooding waters glittering in the setting sun.
The million dollar hunt for the Psychic Tipster was flooding the press; I suppose as intended.
I didn't think it appropriate to tell you who I was.
He couldn't have chosen a more appropriate song.
If I want to sunbathe, I should buy appropriate clothing.
I wasn't sure what would be appropriate attire for the restaurant.
The search for appropriate luggage was tedious.
I've passed out a list of the appropriate states.
He couldn't think of an appropriate comeback and found himself staring down at her drink.
Fred made appropriate notes, then asked, "Who was in the room when the knife disappeared?"
The conversation drifted to clothing—Cynthia's search for an appropriate wedding dress for the mother of the groom, and Jennifer's west coast dress shop.
Great Britain followed suit, but under a political arrangement between the powers no single power was to appropriate the islands.
I sure hope you're going to deliver what you've been promising all evening.
Ed had suffered needlessly for hours because she had done something careless – after promising she wouldn't.
She'd located two promising missing children cases from the past forty-eight hours.
At Rhandea he laid down his diadem at the foot of the emperor's statue, promising not to resume it until he received it from the hand of Nero himself in Rome.
I'm not promising any miracles.  We got a lot to do to prepare the world for Hazel.
By his premature death science lost one of her most promising disciples.
The guests got up and took their leave, promising to return to dinner.
Coffee-raising was once a flourishing and very promising industry.
Autumn had begun to creep over New England, promising to transform the landscape into the backdrop that Jackson Parrish so loved.
Mr. Balcom, a promising young architect, designs it on the back of his Vitruvius, with hard pencil and ruler, and the job is let out to Dobson & Sons, stonecutters.
He arched a silver brow.
She arched an eyebrow at him.
He eased into her body at first then made love to her hungrily, relentlessly pushing her deeper into the haze of pleasure and desire, until she arched beneath him, her body on the verge of shattering.
Lacing fingers behind her neck, she arched back, feeling the muscles in her back stretch.
The passages were all cut in a closegrained stone, and are very narrow, with arched ceilings, running very irregularly, and ramifying in all direc tions.
His brows arched high.
She cried out and arched, blinded by pain as he held her against the wall.
Elisabeth laughed and arched a brow at him.
Color touched his cheeks and his brows arched.
Where the depth to rail-level was too great for cut-and-cover methods, ordinary tunnelling processes were used; and where the trench was too shallow for the arched roof, heavy girders, sometimes of cast iron, bridged it between the side walls, longitudinal.
Vera was saying with an arch smile.
Both it and the arch are built of Istrian stone.
At the entrance to the latter the senate erected, in his honour, a triumphal arch which is still extant - a fine simple monument with a single opening.
She reached the top of the stairs and stared at a similar scene leading past the Arch and all the way up the park toward the city.
If you visit Rome and make your way to the Forum, nearby you will see the Arch of Titus.
She glanced out the window and spotted the Arch.
It is homologous with the distal ends of the ceratohyals or ventral elements of the hyoidean or second visceral arch.
The result is that the tracery itself has to support the structure above it - is, in fact, constructional - whereas in most other countries the tracery is merely, as it were, a pierced screen filling in a constructional arch.
The arch is surmounted by a triple attic with Corinthian columns; the frieze above the keystone bears, on the north-western side, the inscription aZS' 'Aqvat, OouEw 7rpiv rats, and on the south-eastern, aZS' do' `ASptavoii Kai ou X i Ono-Los 'TO Xis.
All the arches are pointed and slightly horseshoe, preceding therefore by about two and a half centuries the introduction of the pointed arch into Europe.
Bruno looked on our solar system as but one out of an infinite number of worlds.
Everything this side of the Mississippi is working on solar energy, but not all the facilities are equipped with energy storage, and because it's fall, our energy collection is limited.
His clothing fitted his form snugly and was gorgeously colored in brilliant shades of green, which varied as the sunbeams touched them but was not wholly influenced by the solar rays.
They were a soft, sable brown with specs of black that seemed to swirl in motion around her pupils like two tiny solar systems.
And solar cells presently being developed in laboratories are doing several times better than the plants.
It is obvious that the aerial particles are illuminated not only by the direct solar rays, but also by light dispersed from other parts of the atmosphere and from the earth's surface.
The solar battery charger is on its way to you.
Me currently, I am trying to get my freshwater aquarium switched over to solar power.
Heinrich Steffens, in his Anthropologie, seeks to trace out the origin and history of man in connexion with a general theory of the development of the earth, and this again as related to the formation of the solar system.
There are very remarkable features in the solar system which point unmistakably to some common origin of many of the different bodies which it contains.
He sighed but tactfully closed the panel on his side.
The control panel opened.
She looked at the control panel, trying to decipher any of the symbols.
My lawyer wanted to toss him from the panel but I insisted he stay.
She rubbed her face and looked at the control panel again.
A'Ran's fingers flew over the command panel as he thought of how wise his forefathers had turned out to be.
The dim instrument panel light revealed a strong profile with an aquiline nose and prominent cheekbones.
For a long moment, it was dark and silent, until the interior of the pod lit up with two screens, one displaying the empty space outside and the other displaying a control panel with writing similar to that of the battle planning station.
The music room had raised panel cherry walls and a coffered ceiling with intricately carved beams.
She set it on top of the control panel and assessed the results, then activated the generator's artificial intelligence so it would adjust as needed to power the town.
Alex had the foresight to have the builders install a gas range.
According to the dealer I cornered, there's been some skirmishing between those loyal to you and those who want to install someone else.
He encouraged adjacent landowners to install some signs.
You need to respect that, because the next time you throw one of your petulant hissy fits, I swear to God, I will install so much sound proofing in this room, you will never hear another note.
Johnston withdrew; Johnson himself was killed at Shiloh, but an attempt was subsequently made by General Bragg to install this government at Frankfort.
In order for the game to run properly you must install the latest patch.
The local authority suddenly announced its plans to install a floodlit sports arena on the adjoining site!
Follow these instructions to install the ink cartridges for the first time.
The good news is that wind power options are becoming easier to self install.
A qualified electrician will be required to install the alarms.
The roads were muddy, and they went slowly.
His gaze dropped to her muddy clothes.
The sky and the horizon were both the color of muddy water.
Rhyn slipped in the muddy snow beneath him and looked around for the angel.
She started forward with a sigh and joined him at the beginning of the muddy trail.
The roads were muddy, and the first of several wells she saw teemed with dirty water.
Neomenia and its allies are marine animals living at depths of 15 to Boo fathoms on soft muddy ground; they are found crawling on corals and hydrozoa, on which they feed.
Besides the great muddy affluents from Karateghin on the north, the Kabadian, the Surkhan, and the Darbant are all of them very considerable tributaries from Bokhara.
Now I would muddy the waters even more by contacting Daniel Brennan, another fact I planned to withhold from all but my wife.
As he maneuvered the truck through muddy ruts in the drive, she covertly studied his profile.
Thunder rumbled again and a cold drop of rain gnawed at the mud on her cheek.
His shoes were covered with mud; he had torn his coat on the thorny tree.
Then I slipped trying to rub mud on my pants to cover it up.
Sure, but the only thing in there is mud cats.
She kicked her cowboy boots off and pulled the mud boots on.
At one point he splashed through a mud puddle, throwing mud and water all over her.
I promise not to plaster you with mud this time.
One of them fell in the mud under his horse's feet.
Oysters, both mud and rock, are good and plentiful.
The immense mud ramparts still stand.
Unfortunately, this session was unsuccessful.
It was nearly noon when the session ended.
There is an extraordinary session from October till Christmas.
The governor sends a message at the beginning of each session of the legislature, and may convene the houses in extraordinary session when he deems it necessary.
The session was mercifully short and they decided to go to check out the renovated house and make sure it was ready for the new renters.
School was back in session after the holiday recess so the rink was nearly empty.
The consistoire or session consisted of the minister, elders and deacons (the latter without a vote), and was over the congregation.
We gave only limited thought to the upcoming session as our pre wedding trip and plans took precedence in our hectic schedule.
Then Howie asked if we'd try to run a session this weekend, long distance, by phone.
Lucas brought in a bill in his first session to effect this reform, but was defeated on the motion to have the bill sent to England for approval by the privy council; and he insisted upon the independent.
Quinn's sabbatical project lost its funding.
We hugged each other when our exhausting project was completed.
This is your second commissioned art project in two weeks!
Definitely. The Cannery Row project will make you a hot commodity around here.
Donnie had pretty well taken over the project as the chores of Bird Song limited Cynthia's time.
Jessi carefully placed Ashley's project in a corner of the box, praying her cousin was alive to finish it one day.
But this relationship has all the ingredients to put this project in serious jeopardy.
In his home policy Pericles carried out more fully Ephialtes' project of making the Athenian people truly self-governing.
This project, differing from others that had been previously presented or that were in opposition to it, provided for a direct communication between the Mediterranean and the Red Sea.
In 1873 he became interested in a project for uniting Europe and Asia by a railway to Bombay, with a branch to Peking.
For all practical purposes, we have an unlimited supply of air to breathe.
On the following day the festival of the unity of Italy was celebrated, but neither this nor the previous meeting had any practical result.
Her arguments seemed so wise and practical, that I could not but yield.
She was glad to find escape from them in practical activity.
Is it finite, or is it for all practical purposes infinite?
Another effect of the Great Strike was in a more practical direction.
Sonya alone directed the practical side of matters by getting things packed.
There was a practical motive for using this weapon.
While her writing demonstrates education, most likely her background ill equipped her for the practical realities of the real world.
At the same time he was full of schemes, practical and unpractical.
Three days later the issue was settled.
I'll issue the orders.
Her response to the issue about a son was indication that she was ready to break from the past.
There was no point making an issue of it.
I'll issue the warning.
The issue was that Brandon hadn't included her in his plans.
I'll issue an alert to the Immortals.
I was able to take care of that issue, though.
It would only confuse the issue further.
Deidre was silent, grappling with the issue and her emotions.
The cafeteria must conform to the state's nutrition guidelines.
First, nutrition is a very primitive science.
Although transpiration is a necessary accompaniment of nutrition, it may easily become excessive, especially where the plant cannot readily recoup itself.
Plants need very considerable amounts of water for their nutrition and growth; the waterholding capacity is, therefore, important.
Dutrochet towards the middle of the century, and Liebig's application of chemistry to agriculture and physiology put beyond question the parts played by the atmosphere and the soil in the nutrition of plants.
In the Principles of Sociology Spencer's most influential ideas have been that of the social organism, of the origination of religion out of the worship of ancestral ghosts, of the natural antagonism between nutrition and reproduction, industrialism and warfare.
When the bud is nearly complete, the body-wall of the parent immediately below it becomes perforated, placing the coelenteric cavity of the parent in secondary communication with that of the bud (H), doubtless for the better nutrition of the latter.
For a time after entry they multiply, obtaining the nitrogen necessary for their nutrition and growth from the free nitrogen of the air, the carbohydrate required being supplied by the pea or clover plant in whose tissues they make a home.
The variable first maxillae are seldom pediform, their function being concerned chiefly with nutrition, sensation and respiration.
All that we have explored in this section—rising incomes, advances in nutrition and genomics, innovations in agricultural technologies—will eventually end hunger.
It is exceptionally nutritious, but it disappears altogether in the dry season because of its short roots.
Their food was nutritious and varied, their dwellings neither unhealthy nor incommodious.
Do the meals appear well-balanced and nutritious?
For one third of children the school meal is the only nutritious meal of the day.
Fabre states that the mother-insect carefully arranges the food-supply so that the most nutritious and easily digested portion is nearest the egg, to form the first meal of the young larva.
Never has fast food tasted so good and been so nutritious.
Sprouts are a healthy and nutritious form of food.
Apart from being extremely nutritious, the beauty of this is the speed!
All young grubs are at first fed with a specially nutritious food, discharged from the worker's stomach, to which is added a digestive secretion derived from special salivary glands in the worker's head.
We leave highly nutritious, freshly made food on your doorstep every morning.
The modern system of hygiene is in great part founded upon Decent pathology.
He was meticulous about hygiene.
She had grasped the principles of hygiene, which were then beginning to be understood, and she applied them to the reform of the hospital administration.
I am totally appalled by the disgusting hygiene in pubs.
Pettenkofer gave vigorous expression to his views on hygiene and disease in numerous books and papers; he was an editor of the Zeitschrift far Biologie from 1865 to 1882, and of the Archiv far Hygiene from 1883 to 1894.
For details please contact us R R S Hygiene Powerful peroxygen disinfectants.
Guinea worm disease has been almost eradicated through improved water and hygiene initiatives, public awareness campaigns, and improved monitoring.
You can also improve your personal hygiene by stopping any nasty habits like biting your nails or picking your nose.
Good general hygiene is vital in order to prevent tinea cruris.
The WHO source said that civil society in general should improve conditions of hygiene in the city.
The exposed strata are in large part resistant sandstones.
The substance is very resistant to the action of chemical reagents, to digestion, and possibly belongs to the glyco-proteids.
In 1953, he developed a method to make strains of wheat highly resistant to a single form of rust.
They're impact resistant, and won't shatter.
The dreaded palmer pigweed has become Roundup resistant, Monsanto admits [21] .
The red color is an added attraction, provoking pike into attacking, these poppers are however resistant to pike's teeth.
The red color is an added attraction, provoking pike into attacking, these poppers are however resistant to pike into attacking, these poppers are however resistant to pike's teeth.
They are equally suitable for use in both public and private environments with lenses made of stabilized, vandal resistant polycarbonate.
Made from frost resistant polypropylene for a long life.
The new drug will be indicated for highly pre-treated adults with virus resistant to multiple protease inhibitors.
I simply couldn't resist you.
She couldn't resist teasing him.
No other woman has been able to resist me.
At least, he was finding it harder to resist her strange magic every time they met.
She had to resist him.
She didn't resist his touch.
Unable to resist, she kissed his palm before putting it down.
She wanted to resist, to push him away, but she was so cold.
Still, she didn't usually resist his attempts.
He thought of Elisabeth constantly, having to resist the urge to call her or just show up.
Any resistance she might have mustered melted at his words.
Whatever resistance she had evaporated in the intensity of his desire for her.
He lay staring at the ceiling for a time, attempting to push away the torment; it had gripped him so completely that resistance was futile.
The truth of his words made her last meager attempt at resistance melt.
He went without resistance.
The same way he wore down her resistance before.
The girl yesterday offered no resistance.
The reminder of what he was made her angry and bolstered her resistance.
He was whittling down her resistance.
He didn't want to go, so maybe this was his expression of resistance.
Measures are being taken by the zemstvos to increase the very low productivity of the forests.
We still have a thousandfold increase in productivity before us.
Liber was originally an old Italian god of the productivity of nature, especially of the vine.
And if your productivity fell, then your salary would fall as well.
If you have almost no productivity, amplifying it won't really help all that much.
Some become so wealthy, in fact, they can live off the interest (the productivity) of their assets, not just their own labor.
If you already have a large amount of productivity, technology will amplify it.
All it takes is so much wealth that it is self-sustaining—that the productivity of that wealth can support everyone.
With less productivity, your coworkers might become suspicious or you could even get fired.
Later still Hjort showed that the study of the variability in the productivity of a fishery is always a complex matter - far more so than was formerly supposed.
Sunday was more productive than Saturday.
Saturday and Sunday were both productive days with four sessions taking place each day.
Joplin is the trade centre of a rich agricultural and fruit-growing district, but its growth has been chiefly due to its situation in one of the must productive zinc and lead regions in the country, for which it is the commercial centre.
The peach-tree is most productive when the roots are kept near the surface, and the borders, which should be from 8 ft.
This is because, as noted before, technology amplifies the productive effort of people.
The eastern islands of this group are less productive and less advanced.
When you manage your time effectively, you become more productive.
He had left the farm in her name and it was up to her to see that it was productive.
The soil, even with little culture, is exceedingly productive, owing to the abundance of water which irrigates and fertilizes it.
The Valley of Virginia is the most productive part of the state.
There is commonly sufficient space about us.
One reading was sufficient to stamp every detail of the story upon my memory forever.
If she was ever going to learn to be totally self sufficient, she was going to have to take control of her life.
While he possessed sufficient strength to pull away, he was fearful of hurting her, and even more so, of her crying out.
On a sufficient acquaintance with the work this would probably have revealed the essential nature of the instrument to a hearer unacquainted with technicalities, and revealed it rather as a characteristic than as a limitation.
Taking into account the heat absorbed by the box and the metal, Rumford calculated that the heat developed was sufficient to raise 26.58 lb of water from the freezing to the boiling point, and in this calculation the heat lost by radiation and conduction was neglected.
It is by a mathematical point only that we are wise, as the sailor or the fugitive slave keeps the polestar in his eye; but that is sufficient guidance for all our life.
I think that's sufficient.
There is sufficient reason for this confusion.
Napoleon Bonaparte made a comment along these lines when he stated, "Man is entitled by birthright to a share of the Earth's produce sufficient to fill the needs of his existence."
This income will not be regarded as welfare.
He had a good income and access to his father's equipment.
Despite Count Bezukhov's enormous wealth, since he had come into an income which was said to amount to five hundred thousand rubles a year, Pierre felt himself far poorer than when his father had made him an allowance of ten thousand rubles.
There will be so much wealth that a minimum income will be guaranteed to everyone.
Countries whose average income is $1,500 tax at 20 percent.
Or these jobs can be divorced from economic realities, as the struggling painter or actor decides simply to do what he loves and live off the minimum income afforded by this planet-wide prosperity.
At the same time, the percent of income we individually have to spend on feeding ourselves plummeted as well.
Just half a century ago, Americans on average spent more than 20 percent of their income on food.
The price of Italian consolidated 5% (gross, 4% net, allowing for the 20% income tax) stock, which is the security most largely negotiated abroad, and used in settling differences between large financial institutions, has steadily risen during recent years.
You boast of spending a tenth part of your income in charity; maybe you should spend the nine tenths so, and done with it.
The dairy wasn't simply a financial endeavor, as Mums had thought.
Carmen had shown little interest in their financial status.
I was thinking about buying a new vehicle and wondered if we had the money, so I looked at his financial information on the computer.
I can only imagine other uses you might have embraced, for personal financial enhancement.
Using the path he had given her, she found his financial folder.
I'm sick and tired of you guys butting into my financial affairs.
I'm here to protect my family's financial investment.
They dated in college, parted ways mutually, and ended up working for the same financial planning firm in Virginia.
About the same time the curia undertook financial duties, and in.
Second, monarchs themselves often have only a financial risk in war.
You could finance the entire government and its (hopefully) noble agenda, by this method alone.
Information regarding Australian state finance will be found under the heading of each state.
The administration of finance was as chaotic as the condition of parliament.
In this cabinet he at first held the ministry of finance.
The banking institutions are supervised by an inspector of finance, who reports annually to the General Assembly.
In the new Tirard ministry formed to combat the Boulangist agitation he was minister of finance.
During the war against Austria in the year named, Isaac Pesaro Marogonato was finance minister in Venice.
He specially devoted himself to finance, being for a short time president of the customs commission before his appointment as minister of agriculture and commerce in March 1879 in the Waddington cabinet.
The Finance Department was, like the harbour department, separated in 1866 from the marine department.
The high commissioner is aided in the administration by a cabinet of three members, styled " councillors " (utµ ovXoe), who superintend the departments of justice, finance, education, public security and the interior.
I take a risk every time I go out.
Death is a part of the risk we take.
I wanted a wife and children, but I didn't want to risk losing them because of the ranch.
I don't want to risk hurting you.
I guess a walk in the cool evening isn't worth the risk of being eaten up by beasts is it?
That was why Pete chose the route - less risk of being robbed.
She had been reluctant to mention her idea before, but now she was desperate enough to risk his anger.
Separating might increase the risks for some, but it would reduce the risk of everyone being captured.
It was a risk that didn't pay off.
We're putting innocent people at risk and not just ourselves.
The small British province of Ajmere-Merwara is also included within the geographical area of Rajputana.
It has rather been a wide extension of scientific geographical mapping.
Amongst Conifers Cedrus is especially noteworthy; it is represented by geographical races in the north-west Himalaya, in Syria, Cyprus and North Africa.
This was one of the few great epochs of geographical discovery.
The circular outline had given way in geographical opinion to the elliptical with the long axis lying east and west, and Aristotle was inclined to view it as a very long and relatively narrow band almost encircling the globe in the temperate zone.
Missionaries continued to do useful geographical work.
Myres, " An Attempt to reconstruct the Maps used by Herodotus," Geographical Journal, viii.
The middle ages saw geographical knowledge die out in Christendom, although it retained, through the Arabic translations of Ptolemy, a certain vitality in Islam.
Bacon argued keenly on geographical matters and was a lover of maps, in which he observed and reasoned upon such resemblances as that between the outlines of South America and Africa.
It is distinguished from other English geographical books of the period by confining attention to the principles of geography, and not describing the countries of the world.
The geography of Northern Italy is described in several popular guide books.
From his sixth to his ninth year he was given over to the care of learned foreigners, who taught him history, geography, mathematics and French.
I go to school every day I am studying reading, writing, arithmetic, geography and language.
These valuable additions to Australian geography were gained through humane efforts to relieve the lost explorers.
It is true that the earths physical geography presents certain broad features to which plants are adapted.
The geography of Ptolemy was also known and is constantly referred to by Arab writers.
The distinctive task of geography as a science is to investigate the control exercised by the crust-forms directly or indirectly upon the various mobile distributions.
There he began his investigations into the geography, history and antiquities of the district.
His geography was based more immediately on the work of his predecessor, Marinus of Tyre, and on that of Hipparchus, the follower and critic of Eratosthenes.
It was not a special subject, like geography or arithmetic, but her way to outward things.
He broke the barrier between them and touched her face.
Only one barrier remained between them.
They formed a barrier against all intrusion.
Difficulty of communication was still a barrier, and technology was still highly limited.
Shut off from the adjacent Indian Ocean by its mountain barrier, the drainage of the country is westward to the distant Atlantic. As its name implies, the chief rivers rise in Mont aux Sources.
And the more imbued he became with that principle of love, the more he renounced life and the more completely he destroyed that dreadful barrier which--in the absence of such love-- stands between life and death.
Off the Queensland coast the shelf broadens, its outer edge being lined by the seaward face of the Great Barrier Reef.
He waited for the barrier before him to lift and then strode out.
With the exception of the extreme north (Commagene), which is shut off by a barrier of hills and belongs to foreign hydrographic systems, the whole country is roughly a gable-shaped plateau, falling north and south from a medial ridge, which crosses Syria at about its central point.
His newfound power had broken whatever barrier the Watcher put between them.
A sailor's life is indeed a hard life.
Indeed, why should anyone feel sorry for her?
The child was indeed very tired.
She said Katie was very sweet indeed, but sadly in need of proper instruction.
Indeed, she was much displeased because I could not find her name in the book.
Indeed, I am not sure now that I read all the signs correctly.
Many boys and indeed many girls have read his story.
Indeed, the more you have of such things the poorer you are.
Indeed, what was going on?
My Dear Helen--I was very glad indeed to get your letter.
It was the perfect opportunity to test her theory.
This was a good opportunity to leave.
All the girls have the opportunity of going to college while the money is still there.
Cynthia grabbed the opportunity to change the subject.
The Council can also provide advice about a funding opportunity.
The drive home provided opportunity to think.
It was the perfect opportunity to talk to Alex about their finances.
The journey has highlighted a learning opportunity.
Then you don't know if he was merely giving you an opportunity to leave.
It would be an excellent opportunity to get out of this house with its unpleasant memories.
On such matters I am only severe with myself.
A small, older woman in severe grey opened the door.
I have heard of such cases and know that His Majesty is very severe in such affairs.
In 1887 a severe banking crisis occurred in Sardinia.
As we transition from one set of economic realities to another, there will be severe disruptions along the way.
It is unusually hard, owing to the recent severe but transient cold, and all watered or waved like a palace floor.
But this advantage involves a corresponding disadvantage, the danger of unduly severe mental application.
I was never cast away nor distressed in any weather, though I encountered some severe storms.
In 1794 Mannheim fell into the hands of the French, and in the following year it was retaken by the Austrians after a severe bombardment, which left scarcely a single building uninjured.
Avicenna himself was at this season stricken down by a severe illness.
Experts predict an exodus of millions from low-lying countries like Bangladesh if sea levels rise by just three feet (a meter ).
Sylhet is located in the north east of Bangladesh and is the second largest economically prosperous area in the country.
I am aveterinary graduate, passed from Bangladesh agriculural university, Bangladesh, Now I want a veterinary job in any country in the world . How can you help?
A large number of marsh crocodiles used to be found in lakes, marshes and rivers in Bangladesh.
You know that in July 2004 Bangladesh experienced a devastating monsoon flood, it's worst ever.
We have the example of the village imams imported from Pakistan and Bangladesh in the British communities, who do not help to integrate.
He gave a good fight ve a good fight v Bangladesh and only got ground down very slowly.
The yellow stem borer is a pest that is threatening Bangladesh 's rice crop and food security.
He gave a good fight v Bangladesh and only got ground down very slowly.
However have stood the handle toward incline bench a. Demonstration about a kind bangladesh multi trip holiday insurance of man.
It is to be noted that the climate of the islands of the Pacific becomes more and more healthy the farther they are from the monsoon region.
The wet season, lasting during the prevalence of the south-west monsoon, from April to December, is clearly defined on the Pacific slope.
Tibet is affected by the south-west monsoon, just as the Pamirs are affected, but in varying degrees according to geographical position.
The northwest monsoon, beginning in October and lasting till March, brings the principal rainy season in the archipelago.
In the two years 1899 and 1900 the monsoon was very weak, the result being a severe famine which caused great mortality among the Bhil population.
This appears to be about the northern limit reached by the south-west monsoon, which from June to September brings a fairly abundant rainfall to the Yemen highlands, though the Tehama remains almost entirely rainless.
At this period an exact knowledge of the depths of the ocean off after the beginning of the south-west monsoon to a minimum assumed an unlooked-for practical importance from the daring in August, the total range being 92 in.
All the western region is but slightly affected by the monsoon.
The south-west monsoon does not generally extend, in its character of a south-west wind, over the land.
Within the southern monsoon region there is a gradual transition to the northwest monsoon of New Guinea in low latitudes, and in higher latitudes to the north-east wind of the Queensland coast.
The collar and receiver are also weatherproof, and both are designed to be very durable.
Set up weatherproof items as soon as you are allowed.
The coat should be long, dense, weatherproof, and glossy and feel silky.
Complete with rust resistant eyelets and rot-proof woven cord fastenings to ensure a weatherproof fit.
The case is made of a weatherproof material with a clasp fastener at the fron t for easy access.
We're also looking at a scheme to make the shelters more weatherproof.
Framework - totally weatherproof UV stabilized green resin frame.
There is no need to keep them inside tho - they are completely weatherproof.
The sensor and recorder are both in the same enclosure, which is housed with the battery, inside a fully weatherproof case.
He is easy to train, a most suitable companion for dog sports, and also weatherproof.
I lifted the heavy wood beam that crossed their door, securing it.
He turned the beam around the yard and then shut the door.
He stepped through the doorway and turned the beam of light on her.
Suddenly the beam caught a figure crouched ahead.
His Histoire de Beam was published at Paris in 1640.
Turning the light back on, she pointed the beam on the area where the scream seemed to originate.
The beam was swallowed by the catacombs, and it was still too dark around her to see how large the underground world was.
What is required is some means for localizing and directing a beam of radiation.
The beam of light extinguished and she felt around with trembling hands until she located the flashlight.
I replaced the beam securing the door on my side and without a word, left the cellar.
Multimedia such as sound and video can also be easily added.
However, if you can't find a yoga studio or class that fits your schedule or special needs, the Yoga for Dummies series of multimedia may be just the key to getting you started on a new lifestyle path.
You can use the multimedia capabilities of the PC by connecting a headset to it.
Archos's AV320 Video Recorder has everything you need for portable multimedia.
One of his primary roles is to use the House's digital assets to produce educational multimedia.
Synergy primarily focuses on the delivery of leading edge multimedia products for global markets.
H.264 offers high quality video at much smaller file sizes than previously available, and can handle mobile multimedia and high-definition playback.
The countdown to the next era of multimedia presentations is now over.
Multimedia scrapbook Every person in your Family File can have his or her own digital Scrapbook.
The CD-ROM includes a research facility which enables users to assemble their own multimedia scrapbook.
I can take you to the dock on the other side.
In the city there is one small dock which can be used only at full tide.
The dock railway station lies a mile from the town station.
Queen Street, the principal thoroughfare, leads inland from the main dock, and contains the majority of the public buildings.
It now has a large stone dry dock.
The harbour is provided with a floating dock, completed in 1902.
The Bute trustees in 1885 acquired the Glamorgan canal and its dock, and in the following year obtained an act for vesting their various docks and the canal in a company now known as the Cardiff Railway Company.
In 1880 the graving dock accommodation consisted of one double dock at the extremity of Dockyard creek, known as Nos.
Kodak Easy Share Cameras are part of the company's Easy Share System, which includes the Easy Share Printer Dock 6000.
Once the camera is placed in the dock, images are automatically uploaded to your computer.
Its cool year-round creek and rolling hills dotted with wild flowers filled her dreams at night – beckoned.
The roadway was gravel, but well maintained on a year-round basis.
That's why he wears the trench coat all year round.
From Mafu to the sea, a distance of 215 m., the Senegal is navigable all the year round by vessels drawing not more than to ft.
Notwithstanding this, much timber is floated down, and the Panlaung is navigable for small boats all the year round.
The delta arms sometimes remain blocked with ice the whole year round.
Under the system of grazing practised throughout Australia it is customary to allow sheep, cattle and horses to run at large all the year round within enormous enclosures and to depend entirely upon the natural growth of grass for their subsistence.
A calcarone that is to be used all the year round must be at least 220 yds.
The only roadstead safe all the year round is Temukus on the north coast.
Snow falls all the year round on the Chimen-tagh, even in July, and water is abundant everywhere.
Geographical Journal (London, 1904); A Tropical Dependency, by Lady Lugard (London, 1905); the Colonial Office Reports on Northern Nigeria from 1902 onward, and other works cited under NIGERIA.
The population of Nigeria is estimated at 15,000,000.
This officer reached Cape Coast from Nigeria on the 26th of May.
In Nigeria the Hausa tribes are coming to be better known, and to respond to the Christian teaching.
The chief ports are Lagos (q.v.), capital of Southern Nigeria, with a population of about 50,000; Calabar (q.v.), pop. about 15,000, known as Old Calabar and Duke Town, on the Calabar river; Opobo, Bonny Town and Brass Town, all on the rivers of the same name.
Northern Nigeria is the seat of a very large native cotton industry, to supply the demand for cotton robes for the Mahommedan races inhabiting the country.
Calabar estuary is mainly formed by the Cross river (q.v.), but receives also the waters of the Calabar and other streams. The Rio del Rey creek at the eastern end of the estuary marks the boundary between (British) Nigeria and (German) Cameroon.
In Northern Nigeria up to the moment of the British occupation the foreign trade was chiefly in the hands of Tripoli Arabs whose caravans crossed the desert at great risk and expense, and carried to the markets of Kuka and Kano tea, sugar and other European goods, taking away the skins and feathers which constituted the principal articles of export to the Mediterranean coast.
On the contrary it was presumed with justice that their overthrow would be hailed Progress in Southern Nigeria, 1885= 1906.
In Southern Nigeria the association has met with only slight success; in Northern Nigeria, a working arrangement was entered into with the Niger Company, and a small ginning establishment was set to work in February 1906.
