My property is isolated and very quiet.
I remembered how isolated these roads were, but I forgot how dangerous they were.
By this method several races of Saccharomycetes and brewery yeasts were isolated and described.
At Nuremberg he became acquainted with Osiander, whose somewhat isolated theological position he probably found to be in many points analogous to his own.
Isolated celh (idioblasts), thickened in various ways, are not uncommonly founc supporting the tissues of the leaf.
Moulds have been isolated which occasion the formation of citric acid from glucose.
I carefully explained again what Willard Humphries related of Grasso's conversations; that he had an isolated place where he brought his victims.
It's isolated and lonely and I'm gone most of every day.
Our home was as isolated as Howie's place and contained no alarm or security system.
Many incidents of those early years are fixed in my memory, isolated, but clear and distinct, making the sense of that silent, aimless, dayless life all the more intense.
All she did was isolate the children and Alex.
Dean tried to isolate the sound, looking frantically in all downward directions, trying to see a trace, a telltale puff of smoke in the gathering dusk.
The metal is difficult to isolate, and until recently it may be doubted whether the pure metal had been obtained.
To do this, make sure to add at least 30-60 grams of whey protein isolate to the carbohydrate beverage.
This change allowed us to isolate the implicit causality of the verb itself from the contribution of the connective.
The trouble is, it doesn't sound like your vet has tried to isolate the exact agent that may be causing the reaction.
So researchers concentrated more and more on trying to isolate the active compound from whey the amino acid cysteine.
If there was once a tendency to isolate the Old Testament and ignore comparative research, it is now sometimes found possible to exaggerate its general agreement with Oriental history, life and thought.
According to its position in the periodic classification of the elements one would expect its atomic weight to be less than that of iodine, instead of approximately equal, and on this account many efforts have been made to isolate another element from tellurium compounds, but none have as yet been successful.
To push on farther might isolate the left wing among a host of allies.
This was a vacation, not an isolation camp.
I love the isolation of my mountain retreat.
Even the isolation didn't trouble her.
Sometimes, it is true, a sense of isolation enfolds me like a cold mist as I sit alone and wait at life's shut gate.
It is impossible to carry the process of isolation very far.
Its extent is so vast that it necessarily contains some peculiar, outlying forms, so to say forgotten, which in their long-continued isolation have specialized themselves.
His plans were interrupted by his death, and his successor, Ieyasu, who shaped the social and political life of Japan for nearly 300 years (1603-1868), definitely decided on a policy of seclusion and isolation.
This isolation from the familiar ways of his contemporaries, while it was, according to tradition and the internal evidence of his poem, destructive to his spirit's health, resulted in a work of genius, unique in character, which still stands forth as the greatest philosophical poem in any language.
Their very isolation had in some measure accounted for their seeming importance.
Yet some such isolation of the subject matter of this science was demanded at the moment of its birth, just as political economy, when first started, had to make a rigid severance of wealth from other units.
Naval defence in any case remained primarily a question for the Imperial navy, and by agreement (1903, for ten years) between the British government and the governments of the Commonwealth (contributing an annual subsidy of £200,000) and of New Zealand (£40,000), an efficient fleet patrolled the Australasian waters, Sydney, its headquarters, being ranked as a first-class naval station.
The reproductive cells may be regarded as belonging primarily to neither ectoderm nor endoderm, though lodged in the ectoderm in all Hydromedusae.
In both Algae and Fungi the latter are primarily supporting and food-conducting, and in.
His notation is based primarily on that of Harriot; but he differs from that writer in retaining the first letters of the alphabet for the known quantities and the final letters for the unknowns.
The terrible nervous sequels of some forms of inflammation of the membranes of the brain, again, are due primarily to microbic invasion rather of the membranes than of their nervous contents; and many other diseases may be added to this list.
The Unconscious which combines Will and Reason is, however, primarily Will.
Commercially, New Haven is primarily a distributing point for the Atlantic seaboard, but the city is a port of entry, and foreign commerce (almost exclusively importing) is carried on to some extent, the imports in 1909 being valued at $404,805.
About five years earlier the McKinley bridge was erected by the Illinois Traction Co., primarily to admit interurban electric trains.
Chelsea's interests are primarily industrial.
Under the original settlement concluded by the treaties of 1853 and 1860 the revenues of the province were assigned primarily for the maintenance of the Hyderabad contingent, such surplus as accrued from year to year being made over to the nizam, while the province itself was administered in trust by the government of India through the resident at Hyderabad.
Support was heavy for the school's primary sport.
You guys are his primary target and don't ever forget it for a minute.
There we have command and power in their primary form.
Citizens in these countries are grateful for any job that pays anything at all, and their primary concern is simply survival.
Primary batteries have, in the case of all large offices, been displaced by accumulators.
His principal characteristic was perfect confidence in any result obtained by the treatment of symbols in accordance with their primary laws and conditions, and an almost unrivalled skill and power in tracing out these results.
They first brought the products and arts of the Orient into western Europe; and in the Netherlands, by the impulse that they gave to commerce, they were one of the primary causes of the rise of the chartered towns.
The method of induction between insulated primary and secondary circuits laid out flat on the surface of the earth proves to be of limited application, and in his later experiments Preece returned to a method which unites both conduction and induction as the means of affecting one circuit by a current in another.
He proved that when so syntonized the circuits are inductively respondent to each other with a much less power expenditure in the primary circuit than without the syntony.
There are Turkish primary and secondary schools in some of the towns; in the village mosques instruction in the Koran is given by the imams, but neither reading nor writing is taught.
It's only a matter of time until justice is served.
He would understand on whose side justice lies.
Maybe it was poetic justice that her soul was doomed.
He was successful in winning the support of many of the younger princes, and in establishing a new court of justice, the members of which were named by himself.
They would have social peace at the expense of social and racial justice.
No bullying of the innocent is allowed and it is encouraged to take up the cudgels to uphold justice and truth.
By its nature, criminal justice is almost entirely negative.
Once social justice has been achieved, there is nothing more to talk about.
But it is the general opinion of historians that he had a high sense of his responsibilities and a strong love of justice; despite the looseness of his personal morals, he commanded the affection and respect of Gilbert Foliot and Hugh of Lincoln, the most upright of the English bishops.
The courts aim to administer justice as defined by the law.
He repeated every injustice he had ever inflicted on her.
The treatment of blacks and other minorities in the early days of America was an unmitigated injustice.
He exhibited severity and injustice when dealing with pagans and heretics.
What had she to do with the justice or injustice of other people?
He was estranged from many old friends who accused him, probably with injustice, of making his peace with the government.
In modern times the discovery of the modernity of the Zohar has led to injustice to the author.
Once she had a talk with her friend Natasha about Sonya and about her own injustice toward her.
I doubt whether it has been so well known to the world, and I am convinced that great injustice has been done him.
This is a kind of injustice I cannot patiently endure.
The inquiry revealed the gross cruelty and injustice with which the natives had been often treated.
I didn't accuse anyone.
It had provided the opportunity for him to accuse her of being unfaithful.
His gaze narrowed, as if about to accuse her of lying.
It was most unkind of you to cruelly diagnose him otherwise and accuse him of being a thief.
Nor is it just to accuse him of cruelty in his treatment of enemies.
Did you accuse Fitzgerald?
Several ancient writers accuse him of intentional untruthfulness.
And here it is to be observed that Micaiah, who proved the true prophet, does not accuse the others of conscious imposture; he admits that they speak under the influence of a spirit proceeding from Yahweh, but it is a lying spirit sent to deceive.
Richard pretended to hold them among his best friends, but in 1398 induced Bolingbroke to accuse BanishNorfolk of treasonable language.
This is simply another form of trade, so some might accuse me of double counting some of my forty-three reasons war will end.
She wasn't about to live with the guilt of hurting yet a third person she cared about.
A shadow of guilt darkened his eyes.
He came to help her, to appease his guilt once and for all.
Did I feel any guilt in not letting Julie know Howie's reaction to my pronouncement?
After the conversation was over he felt a pang of guilt for respond­ing so emphatically.
In all my time, I've never felt guilt at what I do.
Guilt and pity trickled through her as she thought of her friend.
When Dean told Fred about Fitzgerald's death Fred immediately, in his best I-told-you-so tone, assigned the guilt to Lydia Larkin.
There was no question of guilt as the child was definitely snatched under duress.
The feeling she didn't like – guilt – crept into her.
The men are as guilty as she is.
The old man feels he is guilty, but cannot change himself.
She glanced up at them, a guilty look on her face.
You brought our man closer to being identified than anyone else so you should kiss off any guilty feelings.
I'm sure you feel guilty, but it's fortunate that you weren't with them.
Kiera tossed the thoughts around in her head, guilty at the thought of ditching Evelyn yet offended that Evey thought to keep her here without telling her.
Nicholas was allowed no respite and no peace, and those who had seemed to pity the old man--the cause of their losses (if they were losses)--now remorselessly pursued the young heir who had voluntarily undertaken the debts and was obviously not guilty of contracting them.
I remembered the name Martha mentioned, Willard Humphries, thought guilty, but jailed for a lesser crime.
If he was guilty, he probably deserved it, but is family didn't.
She felt guilty enough being there.
So they did suspect her.
Did they suspect she was here?
I don't suspect so.
Most important, did he ever suspect her foolish thoughts?
Did he suspect she had overheard his phone call?
Adrienne didn't suspect anything because I never said anything.
If you tell me every little thing you know or even suspect, I'll just drive away and let you walk down the lane to one of those farm houses we passed.
Did he suspect that she was beginning to feel more for him than simple friendship?
Glancing around at the men with purple eyes, she began to suspect that good cause was going to kill her.
The only reason she could think of was that the man didn't want anyone to suspect him.
I insist that you hire someone to help.
Alpatych did not insist further.
If you insist on going, this is the route you must take.
Mom will insist that you stay.
You want me to think of all this as ours, but how can I when you insist that the problems are all yours?
Why did he insist on showing up when she was alone?
I shall not attempt to conquer her by force alone; but I shall insist on reasonable obedience from the start.
Are you going to insist that Howie admit to her what we're doing at Econ Scrutiny all day; not just counting sheep births and soy bean crops?
In domestic politics Fox had no time to do more than insist on the abolition of the slave trade.
If you absolutely insist on doing this, at least leave me instructions on how to get there... and a phone number where you can be reached.
They rode up the opposite hill.
Without another word, he turned the horse and kicked it into a trot in the opposite direction.
Dean began to walk in the opposite direction from which they'd come.
The fog had begun to clear and enemy troops were already dimly visible about a mile and a half off on the opposite heights.
The trench itself was the room, in which the lucky ones, such as the squadron commander, had a board, lying on piles at the end opposite the entrance, to serve as a table.
The bookshelf was empty and weapons lined the opposite wall.
If she asked, a mirror would appear on the opposite wall.
She sat down in the chair opposite him and studied her coffee.
Rhyn and Andre stood near Darkyn between two lines, one of Immortals and the opposite of demons larger than any Gabriel had ever seen.
The older men, who thought it undignified to amuse themselves with such nonsense, continued to lie at the opposite side of the fire, but one would occasionally raise himself on an elbow and glance at Morel with a smile.
The chromatin is practically identical with nuclein.
He was dressed in a suit identical to the one Alex wore.
The distance seems to be identical by either route.
He crossed his arms as he approached the woman who was identical to his mate.
And again all the faces in that crowd bore an identical expression, though now it was certainly not an expression of curiosity or gratitude, but of angry resolve.
Dressed all in black with weapons strapped in places identical to where Gabriel wore his, the tall man was lean with cold eyes.
Wiry and lean, Darian's golden gaze was identical to that of his brother, the White God.
I took the ring you gave me and I too scratched that identical message on my bedroom window, the very same room where you and I have stolen our few hours together.
Ah, they don't see it! came identical shouts from the ranks all along the regiment.
He lifted the chain, kiri's chain, and looked at the identical marks, struck by the idea that he somehow belonged to the same world they did.
He is their father and he is ultimately responsible.
A situation arose that ultimately remedied both problems.
Why do I say this ultimately bankrupts nations?
That internal focus had ultimately cost her the ultimate relationship.
The queen nominated him to the see, which he ultimately obtained, though not without trouble.
Ultimately she would forgive him, so why not start now?
Ultimately, workhouses would provide shelter to more than one hundred thousand paupers.
We have now to trace the fortunes of this body of medical doctrine and practice when transplanted to Rome, and ultimately to the whole Roman world.
From the subtleties of rival systems it is a satisfaction to turn to two movements in the medicine of the 18th century which, though they did not extinguish the spirit of system-making, opened up paths of investigation by which the systems were ultimately superseded.
In the southern hemisphere the Palaeozoic flora appears ultimately to have been profoundly modified by a lowering of temperature and the existence of glacial conditions over a wide area.
The only ultimate cause is God.
Taking two prizes is a challenge but the ultimate reward will be worth the aggravation!
His ultimate test was one that could destroy him, and she was failing miserably.
Paris, the ultimate goal, is reached.
It's a sign of the ultimate respect.
That internal focus had ultimately cost her the ultimate relationship.
He had no ready solution, but continued to believe the ultimate solution she chose to these insurmountable obstacles was a cop-out.
Enough, however, has already been done to show the vast importance of the method in grouping and codifying the empirical facts of life, and in so preparing the way for the investigation of ultimate " causes."
Dean had no doubt about Shipton's ultimate intention.
This last was the belief of the Protestant Reformers, for whom the Bible was in matters of doctrine the ultimate court of appeal.
Its glory shall be greater than that of the former temple, and in this place He will give peace.
For thine is the power and the glory, for ever and ever, Amen.'
The substance will indeed remain, but in another form, another glory, another power " (De diligendo Deo, c. 10).
The senate, as usual, took the lead in suggesting some such change in the constitution; and it besought Napoleon "to complete his work by rendering it, like his glory, immortal."
At the height of its glory sudden and irretrievable ruin fell upon the Order.
Never would Ignatius have countenanced so perverted an idea as that the end justified the means, for with his spiritual light and zeal for God's glory he saw clearly that means in themselves unjust were opposed to the very end he held in view.
Peace be in heaven and glory in the highest heaven.
Faith in the nearness of Christ's second advent and the establishing of his reign of glory on the earth was undoubtedly a strong point in the primitive Christian Church.
The chief glory of the 14th century was St Catherine Benincasa.
On the one hand, as a transcriber of the philo-Goth Cassiodorus, he magnifies the race of Alaric and Theodoric, and claims for them their full share, perhaps more than their full share, of glory in the past.
Only look how glorious it is!
Glorious is thine uprising from the horizon.
The glorious part of his career was now over.
You may perhaps have some pleasant, thrilling, glorious hours, even in a poorhouse.
It was a wonderful, glorious song, and it won the blind poet an immortal crown, the admiration of all ages.
It will be a glorious time to be alive, and I believe my children will see it happen.
These dreary times, however, are brightened by one glorious name - that of Galileo Galilei.
We had a glorious thunder-tempest last night, and it's much cooler to-day.
It is glorious to behold this ribbon of water sparkling in the sun, the bare face of the pond full of glee and youth, as if it spoke the joy of the fishes within it, and of the sands on its shore.
This book is about that future and what it is going to look like—how it will be a place glorious and spectacular beyond our wildest hopes.
Did you get to witness the birth?
No one is forcing you to witness that stuff!
Maybe he's in some witness protection program.
Mary showed up one morning in time to witness that fact.
So far, she hadn't been there to witness any of her foals being born yet.
This sort of thing is usually done via the witness protection program but I once heard of a situation where fake papers were assembled independent of any government agency.
She watched them go, startled to witness the men in Western uniforms that Elise had claimed to see.
A principal witness for the charge of incest was Rochford's own wife, a woman of infamous character, afterwards executed for complicity in the intrigues of Catherine Howard.
If you come under attack, you'll need an alternate identity... something similar to witness protection.
Unfortunately, we didn't learn of the murder until a week after it occurred, making it impossible for Howie to "witness" the scene.
You're clearly terrifying the girl.
The storm was beautiful and terrifying in its paralyzed fury.
She wished to love him as a son, but felt that to her he was a stranger and a terrifying man.
It was terrifying, but she felt invigorated, hopeful.
He was unusually tall, and possessed in advanced years a strange and rather terrifying air of sombre majesty.
For one terrifying moment the enormity of what they had done brought her close to panic.
The Egyptians attributed to it, as well as to the tambourine, the power of dispersing and terrifying evil spirits and more especially the Typhon.
The man's chuckle was terrifying.
The idea she might really be of interest to someone as enthralling and terrifying as Xander was almost too good to be true.
In fact, at this point the idea was terrifying.
You're brave, but you're terrified as well.
He's helped all of them somehow, though he terrified me the time I did meet him.
Obviously, she was terrified, with good reason.
I was terrified beyond human comprehension!
Wynn would've seen them walking over but was unfazed by the two men who terrified her.
Alarmed, she recalled what it was about him that terrified her.
His calm words terrified her.
You can't spend your life terrified to leave the house alone.
They might instinctively feel her terrified regard.
She wouldn't be so terrified of him, if she did.
That would terrify me personally, to be the center of attention from someone like him.
Again, a peasant of Vinci having in his simplicity asked Ser Piero to get a picture painted for him on a wooden shield, the father is said to have laughingly handed on the commission to his son, who thereupon shut himself up with all the noxious insects and grotesque reptiles he could find, observed and drew and dissected them assiduously, and produced at last a picture of a dragon compounded of their various shapes and aspects, which was so fierce and so life-like as to terrify all who saw it.
That should terrify you, he replied.
Neither of these signs will back down, and the sounds they make in their argument might terrify eavesdroppers.
When the ambassadors of the senate in treating for peace tried to terrify him with their hints of what the despairing citizens might accomplish, he gave with a laugh his celebrated answer, "The thicker the hay, the easier mowed!"
Associated with Pan is a number of Panisci, male and female forest imps, his wives and children, who send evil dreams and apparitions to terrify mankind.
The course of events, and especially the anger of the people, now began to terrify Charles IV., the queen and Godoy.
At Belfast in the preceding June Lord Spencer, who afterwards became a Home Ruler, had announced that the secret conspirators would " not terrify the English nation."
Like horror films, demon art can often terrify.
She hated how he spoke to her, like he knew exactly what to say to terrify her.
I want to protect and cherish you.
When the World War broke out Enver began to cherish strategical ambitions.
No one who fairly reads Rutilius can cherish this idea.
Though in favour of national reform he continued to cherish a strong feeling of loyalty to the royal family, and on the trial of Marie Antoinette in 1793 bore testimony in her favour.
His studies both in English and foreign speculation led him to cherish the design also of making some worthy contribution to philosophy.
They cherish great love of their native soil and native village and cannot remain long from home.
You'll cherish it for a long time to come.
Babies are wonderful gifts from God to cherish us.
Your wedding day will be memorable and beautiful, something you'll always cherish.
I cherish and adore every moment we spend together and love you even more in the moments when we are apart.
I had a battle royal with Helen this morning.
After the play I was permitted to go behind the scenes and meet her in her royal costume.
He landed outside the main city, in the center of which sat the royal family's residence.
He sat on various royal commissions, including those on the Civil Service and Venereal Diseases, and from 1917 to 1919 was again chairman of the Independent Labour party.
Rumford was the founder and the first recipient of the Rumford medal of the Royal Society.
These royal beasts are both warm friends of little Dorothy and have come to the Emerald City this morning to welcome her to our fairyland.
Each great personage had a major domus - the queen had hers, the king his; and since the royal house was called the palace, this officer took the name of "mayor of the palace."
He paid the costs of his royal parchment, and left without a word of reproach.
Shields (1825-1904), who afterwards entered the Protestant Episcopal Church, republished and urged the adoption of the Book of Common Prayer as amended by the Westminster Divines in the royal commission of 1661; and Henry Van Dyke was prominent in the latter stage of the movement for a liturgy.
In 1086 it was a hamlet in the demesne of the royal manor of Lothingland.
In his own day he took high rank as a pulpit orator, and even royalty had to beg for a seat amongst his audiences; but his sermons are now forgotten.
Hannah had succeeded in landing a big fish blueblood, a descendant of Italian royalty, whose old money placated the chilly welcome she received into a lifestyle far, far different from her own.
Everyone followed suit, as if welcoming royalty into the warm and ancient parlor.
On the restoration he urged his patron Ormonde to support the Irish Roman Catholics as the natural friends of royalty against the sectaries, and endeavoured to mitigate their lot and efface the impression made by their successive rebellions by a loyal remonstrance to Charles II., boldly repudiating papal infallibility and interference in public affairs, and affirming undivided allegiance to the crown.
The next day royalty was abolished, and on the 22nd it was decided that all documents should be henceforth dated from the year I.
On the 21st of September 1792 the Convention declared royalty abolished, and in January it tried the king for his treason against the nation, and condemned him to death.
Royalty and the Church, when they acquire the lead in social life, work out a new penal system based on outlawry, death penalties and corporal punishments, which make their first appearance in the legislation of Withraed and culminate in that of !Ethelred and Canute.
Nitrate of soda forms from 70 to 75% of the exports, and the royalty received from it is the principal source of national revenue, yielding about £4,000,000 per annum.
The failure of the war, which intensified popular hatred of the Austrian queen, involved the king; and the invasion of the Tuileries on the 10th of June 1792 was but the prelude to the conspiracy which resulted, on the 10th of August, in the capture of the palace and the "suspension" of royalty by the Legislative Assembly until the convocation of a national convention in September.
He was a member of the Commune of Paris on the 10th of August 1792, and was elected deputy for Paris to the Convention, where he was the first to demand the abolition of royalty (on the 21st of September 1792), and he voted the death of Louis XVI.
His status is shown by his wergild.
I did, but apparently that status changed.
Xander was enjoying his newfound status too much to sacrifice it now, especially when he had a line of women ready to please him.
The sky was given the status of something pure and clean, the earth sort of a dirty wasteland, and anything below water level or the ground considered Hellish.
She still gave him the look that said she thought he was a lesser being because of his status, but she'd refused to sleep until they found her friend.
To elevate food to the status of a human right does not require government to administer it—far from it.
The site is helpful in tracking the status of our tips because they keep asking questions until they get answers.
A status check on their relationship, the one he hadn't told her he couldn't have, because he was trapped into mating with a formerly sadistic psychopath-turned-human he was trying hard not to kill.
Considering she lived for hundreds of millennia and her status as a deity, she didn't own anything fancy.
She checked the status of the systems from her micro and downed dehydrated meal bars and anti-sleepers.
Some large bird has stolen it from his palace.
They tore apart the palace and your cabin.
The palace contains no moat, or armed guards, nor do I detect any sophisticated security system.
I love my wheeled wonder, my palace on wheels, but it's unique and easily remembered.
King Frost lives in a beautiful palace far to the North, in the land of perpetual snow.
We might have to fight our way into the palace tomorrow.
The old episcopal palace of Kongsgaard is now a Latin school.
When the office increased in importance the mayors of the palace did not, as has been thought, pursue an identical policy.
The angel found his footing and took her hand.  They raced through the last of the jungle and across the expanse of grassless yard between the jungle and the palace.  The sounds of demons grew louder.
Either they're huge babies you have to take care of, or they want to lock you in their palace with eunuchs.
The point is that he went to jail for it.
He was still in jail.
We lost his mother to cancer at an early age and his father is in jail, convicted of fraud.
You said he's out of jail.
He was killed by a mob in a jail at Carthage, Illinois, on the 27th of June 1844.
He's still in jail?
He served eight months in jail.
He desired to be known as a protector of letters and literary men; and his want of heart or head over the Dictionary dedication, though explained and excused by Croker, none the less inspired the famous change in a famous line - " Toil, envy, want, the patron, and the jail.
The collection includes Oscar Wilde's Reading Jail cell door and, from Wandsworth Prison, the last gallows to be used in England.
Is he still in jail?
Dean began to slowly pace the room.
He began to pace the room.
I tried to remember on which side of the Pace Arrow it was parked.
She remained standing and began to pace about the room.
Napoleon shrugged his shoulders and continued to pace up and down without replying.
Deidre's pace slowed as she took in the area.
They were forced to slow their pace when the trail became covered with slippery shale and the path grew steeper.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer.
She quickened her pace, not wanting to end up the dinner of some demon before she had a chance to try to plan an escape.
Andre's specter appeared to her right, keeping pace silently with her.
You have no clue, girl.
Howie doesn't have a clue so I thought I'd help him out.
Nothing in his eyes gave a clue what was on his mind.
She didn't have a clue what to think.
That they really don't have a clue?
At one time I was sure he was but now I don't have a clue.
I've been trying to figure him out for the past few days and have no clue.
The clue given lets you know where one of the hidden objects is located.
She leafed through the book, looking for a clue.
Sometimes you want to update your status, but don't have a clue what you should write!
There was anxiety in her quiet voice.
A feeling other than anxiety washed over her.
With every mile they traveled closer to the ranch, her anxiety increased.
Maybe I've learned to hide my anxiety better.
And yet really the anxiety is greater now than the joy.
Joy deserted my heart, and for a long, long time I lived in doubt, anxiety and fear.
Though he did not speak, Princess Mary saw and knew how unpleasant every sign of anxiety on his account was to him.
His anger with his wife and anxiety that his name should not be smirched now seemed not merely trivial but even amusing.
While attending to him she bore the anxiety about her husband more easily.
But amid these cares her anxiety about Pierre was evident.
Even so, everyone was anxious to get back home.
At her anxious look, he smiled.
Was he that anxious to get her out of his hair?
The idea made her more anxious to get away.
Oh, yes, I know she is anxious, and I will go.
Belle didn't seem very anxious to attract her attention.
I am very anxious about him.
Life was empty without him and no one seemed to be anxious to replace him - especially her parents.
She was almost grateful for the summons then anxious in the next breath.
I tried to guess the pieces you liked, I'm anxious to see if I chose correctly.
My sisters will instruct you in the behavior I expect of you.
I hope Grandma will instruct me on how to make pie using the family recipe so I can share it with my children.
Hannah, dear, please instruct the servants that Rhyn and Katherine are given whatever they ask for.
Maybe she should instruct or remind him, but the thought of it seemed so unnatural.
Instruct kids to cut out objects and words that best describe them.
A physical therapist can instruct the patient on proper posture guidelines.
Parents can instruct their older children why it is important to keep these types of toys away from their siblings who can possibly be harmed by them.
Instruct kids to dip their hands in paint and press their hands on their t-shirts, or allow them to paint their own designs.
If you want to instruct a child or group on the classical aspects of yoga, you'll have to decide on whether or not to call postures by the common names, use Sanskrit terminology, or both.
You'll need a lot of practice and hopefully someone to instruct you.
You don't need an instruction manual.
Following the nurses instruction, she gently stroked his cheek.
Maybe I'm your instruction manual.
The Code is an instruction manual.
The adjutant, having obeyed this instruction, approached Prince Andrew.
English is the medium of instruction.
These words she had caught without instruction from the lips of friends.
As minister of public instruction in the Brisson cabinet of 1898 he organized courses for adults in primary education.
The astonishing colours and grotesque forms of some animals and plants which the museum zoologists gravely described without comment were shown by these observers of living nature to have their significance in the economy of the organism possessing them; and a general doctrine was recognized, to the effect that no part or structure of an organism is without definite use and adaptation, being designed by the Creator for the benefit of the creature to which it belongs, or else for the benefit, amusement or instruction of his highest creature - man.
When Miss Sullivan went out in the barnyard and picked up a little chicken and talked to Helen about it, she was giving a kind of instruction impossible inside four walls, and impossible with more than one pupil at a time.
In1867-1869he was an instructor in the U.S. Naval Academy.
In 1794 a nautical school was founded at Lima, with Andres Baleato as instructor and Pedro Alvarez as teacher of the use of instruments.
Age is no better, hardly so well, qualified for an instructor as youth, for it has not profited so much as it has lost.
On returning to Prussia he became mathematical instructor at the school of military engineering, leaving this post in 1792 to take part as a general staff officer in the war against France.
He was employed at the military academy as instructor of practical military engineering (1853).
Three editions of his Welsh catechism were published for the use of his schools (1789, 1791 and 1794); an English catechism for the use of schools in Lady Huntingdon's Connexion was drawn up by him in 1797; his shorter catechism in Welsh appeared in 1799, and passed through several editions, in Welsh and English, before 1807, when his Instructor (still the Connexional catechism) appeared.
Every time you do something wrong, the animated driving instructor starts shouting at you and your demerit balance increases by one.
Serving as a guide rather than an instructor is a wonderful approach to creating a learning environment that works with the child's interests and strengths.
For tips on writing in the business world , check out this interview with a writing instructor.
You'll find specific samples for everything from tutor positions to high school teacher, kindergarten, adjunct professor and ESL teacher to nanny, Montessori teacher, archivist, dean and art instructor.
It was a subtle shade of gray.
Xander saw the subtle signal Damian gave his brother.
The dish was subtle in flavor.
There were subtle differences between the parties regarding living wills.
His subtle magic brushed by her, through her.
He gave subtle hints, which I totally failed to notice.
The artist enjoyed the subtle nuances of the changing light.
We enjoyed the subtle flavors of the duck.
It was the opposite of Darkyn's, whose was subtle and calming.
My guess is Edith left lots of little subtle clues around her house, letting hubby know where she was going.
He was lean and agile.
She glanced at his lean hips.
He looked tall and lean in a dark suit.
Right now Destiny and Jonathan need someone strong to lean on.
Sasha was lean and pale, his gaze turquoise.
Nothing felt right, so she decided to tuck her hands behind her back and simply lean against the wall.
Darkyn was lean and wiry, his youthful looks at odds with the ancient intelligence in his black eyes.
He was lean and wiry compared to Damian's bulky build.
Even if his features were young and his body lean, he wasn't able to hide what he was.
And I'll start cooking lean and mean Dean specials.
Artpark is an outdoor amphitheater that overlooks the Niagara River Gorge.
The park also is home to an outdoor amphitheater that attracts big name musical acts during the summer.
This amphitheater hosts ceremonies and funerals that are often broadcast on television.
A spontaneous amphitheater developed to witness the rivalry between nations.
It will be a natural amphitheater with waterfalls perfumed by tropical flowers.
With the most world won two from a mining Hawkins amphitheater the.
However the latest work, in what was the arena of the amphitheater, has also revealed that a somewhat squalid late Saxon settlement.
Only minutes from the city there are ancient Roman and Etruscan remains including an amphitheater that is still in use.
Despite controversial proposals in the 1980s, the academic case for further large-scale excavation on the southern part of the amphitheater is not overwhelming.
The sun shone somewhat to the left and behind him and brightly lit up the enormous panorama which, rising like an amphitheater, extended before him in the clear rarefied atmosphere.
But he had made up his mind to be not an actor but an onlooker and critic in the battle of life; and when Wieland, whom he met on one of his excursions, suggested doubts as to the wisdom of his choice, Schopenhauer replied, "Life is a ticklish business; I have resolved to spend it in reflecting upon it."
It soon becomes apparent to the onlooker when the queen has joined the flying multitude of bees in the air, for they are seen to be closing up their ranks, and in a few moments begin to form a solid cluster, usually on the branch of a small tree or bush close to the ground.
Any casual onlooker would have laughed at my efforts.
A van's outward appearance may not indicate to the casual onlooker that it is really a camper-something many people really care about.
Silbury Hill, the largest prehistoric earthwork in Europe, seems designed to catch the eye of the onlooker from a distance.
Stand back and ask yourself, " How do I represent falconry to the onlooker?
Bless Monsoon for providing for the stage where the casual onlooker still has to wonder for a second if you have a flabby midriff.
I wish to become an active participant rather than a passive onlooker.
In this age of growing interdependence, Japan is no longer free to remain a mere onlooker to the events on the world stage.
This allusion annoyed Jerome, who was exceedingly sensitive as to his reputation for orthodoxy, and the consequence was a bitter pamphlet war, very wonderful to the modern onlooker, who finds it difficult to see anything discreditable in the accusation against a biblical scholar that he had once thought well of Origen, or in the countercharge against a translator that he had avowedly exercised editorial functions as well.
