Just about time I think the two of you are making progress, something like this comes up.
Progress is being made.
Katie asked her about the progress on the horse ranch.
Not that they needed a progress report.
I asked Daniel Brennan if there was any progress in the Bryce case.
They were making no progress in their relationship.
It has been justly observed by many that this continuous cyclical movement entirely excludes the progress of humanity towards a better future.
She has made considerable progress in the study of arithmetic.
Instead of science proceeding at the slow speed of time, the only limit on its progress will be processor speed—and those two speeds hardly can be compared.
As much progress as we've made, we still haven't proved his visions represent real happenings.
The customs necessary for the preservation of the forests must remain in force.
The preservation of game is now enforced.
It is kept covered, for purposes of preservation, by a layer of earth.
Rajputana is of great archaeological interest, possessing some fine religious buildings in ruins and others in excellent preservation.
A popular preservation method is freeze drying.
Consumers cannot doubt the level of dedication LUST has for the preservation of the environment.
The result was that these books became "Christian" documents; it is entirely to Christian, not to Jewish, tradition that we owe their preservation.
Massive towers rise at close intervals along them, and nearly forty are in good preservation.
It is in an excellent state of preservation and has been restored in modern times.
Regent's Park, mainly in the borough of Marylebone, owes its preservation to the intention of George III.
He wanted to protect her and preserve her innocence.
It still depends on Your Majesty to preserve humanity from the calamity of another war.
He had to preserve and protect the underworld, even if it meant stepping away from the comfort zone he'd existed in for millennia.
Were preserved meats invented to preserve meat merely?
The earlier Persian kings acknowledged the various religions of the petty peoples; they were also patrons of their temples and would take care to preserve an ancient right of asylum or the privileges of long-established cults.'
It was a royal preserve, and remains for the most part an uncultivated waste, but it is also a rich coalfield, and there are mines in every direction.
They preserve their form when dry for an indefinite period.
I go to the closest, largest nature preserve that doesn't allow people in after dusk, and wait it out.
He will end ours to preserve his.
This procedure has its advantages, but it may easily become dangerous by destroying the influence of the science it is meant to preserve.
She got a glimpse of the horse in the trailer.
Kris caught a glimpse of what looked like a shopping mall west of them.  His gaze lingered.
Already, we get a glimpse of what is to come.
Today, when he had caught a glimpse of her, she seemed still more lovely.
But the princess had caught a glimpse of the man she had known and loved, and it was to him that she now spoke.
As he opened the door and she caught a glimpse of the music room, he heard her sharp intake of breath.
The door was opened a crack and there was a glimpse of something blue, of ribbons, black hair, and merry faces.
She wore a silk blouse, Jimmy Choo's and a pencil skirt with a slit up the side, which gave just a glimpse of leg that went on forever.
Of this our true individual life, our present life is a glimpse, a fragment, a hint, and in its best moments a visible beginning.
It may be observed that his imagination was strongly impressed by the glimpse which he had caught of the pomp of war.
They know who I am, and that I want to keep my identity silent.
I've kept my identity hidden for five years now, but I knew deep down inside that it couldn't last forever.
You'll have to create a whole new identity again.
She had been so certain that he was making up stories – hiding his identity – that she had insulted him.
You gotta get me like a new identity...a new life!
But why would Dad want him to hide his identity, now that she knew?
No. Just stop searching for her identity and have compassion.
For a moment the idea of totally losing her identity was a frightening reality.
I'll just have to work on my new identity.
I trusted Brennan sufficiently to reveal Julie's identity and the burglary.
But three years later a new economic development began.
The rapid development of Helen's mind is beautiful to watch.
Learning a new language has proven to be very beneficial to cognitive development.
These substances were regarded as being in some sense alive, and taking some active part in the development of being.
Direct radiators are a development of the early coil of pipe; they are made in various types and designs and are usually of cast iron.
The development of commerce is retarded by lack of communications; the country possesses no railways and few roads.
Efforts to hasten this development have created some serious financial and industrial crises, and have burdened the country with heavy debts and taxes.
In 1890 appeared The Development of Theology since Kant, and its Progress in Great Britain since 1825, which was written for publication in England.
But the Civil War interrupted development.
Despite recent development the town maintains ample green space.
It's a game, like a treasure hunt.
Some had escaped, though not with the treasure they sought to protect.
At sight of his lost treasure, the merchant began to dance and shout for joy.
While Cynthia was off with Fred sorting his treasure box, Dean remained in the kitchen washing up the dishes.
This treasure does not belong to me, for I bought only the ground; but when I offered it to my neighbor he refused it.
Protective of his sole treasure, he had never entrusted anyone else with guarding it.
He left a considerable amount of treasure.
He was scourged and only escaped with his life at the intercession of Onias the high priest, who had pleaded with him vainly that the treasure included the deposits of widows and orphans and also some belonging to Hyrcanus, " a man in very high position."
It induced many Spanish explorers to lead expeditions in search of treasure, but all failed.
None of your savage brothers would properly complement such a beautiful little treasure, Romas, the woman had said with gentle humor.
No one will replace me!
Maybe when she got back she could replace her old one.
Send the dealer you replace directly to me, Gabe ordered.
Didn't they hire someone to replace you?
If Atherton was so broke, where did he get the dough to replace the escrow money he swiped?
She lifted the book to replace it and he noticed the cover.
He emerged into the alley in time to see her replace a phone in her pocket.
We can do nothing here without supplies and without more men to replace those that have died the past few weeks, Larry said, frustration in his voice.
One of the shapeshifters took on Gabriel's shape.  I think Darkyn knew Katie was with Gabe, and they wanted to replace him.
If you'll tell me how much you use each week, I'll replace it and we'll keep that base.
I haven't found any new replacement letters, but I've eliminated a lot of possibilities.
Actually, I've had to have some replacement parts specially made.
The replacement of the four direct taxes by the income tax in France, as proposed in 1909, is a very recent example.
Her replacement cell phone rang, jarring her.
The theory of past migrations from continent to continent, suggested by Cuvier to explain the replacement of the animal life which had become extinct through sudden geologic changes, was prophetic of one of the chief features of modern method - namely, the tracing of migrations.
He wasted no time finding himself a replacement when she refused his touch.
It was Donnie who found the combination "8M2" and guessed it was most likely a replacement for "THE."
It has already been stated that benzene derivatives may be regarded as formed by the replacement of hydrogen atoms by other elements or radicals in exactly the same manner as in the aliphatic series.
We intend to stay as a four piece and we will be looking for a replacement bassist.
Berthelot, and many other chemists, from whose researches it results that glycerin is a trihydric alcohol indicated by the formula C 3 H 5 (OH) 3j the natural fats and oils, and the glycerides generally, being substances of the nature of compound esters formed from glycerin by the replacement of the hydrogen of the OH groups by the radicals of certain acids, called for that reason "fatty acids."
She couldn't endanger these people.
I don't want to lose her and there's no way I'll endanger what we're doing.
If she did not follow her destiny soon, she, too, would endanger all she loved.
But they asserted that a narrow and retrogressive policy, such as Kruger was following, was the very thing to endanger that independence.
This was followed by further reports of the committees of both Houses, presenting evidence of the secret manufacture of arms and of other proceedings calculated to endanger the public peace.
They can also endanger other members of the public if they leave a substation unsecured.
Are you active in sports or other energetic activities that could endanger your ring?
She agreed with their plan of an armed congress, and on this idea both she and Fersen insisted with all their might, Fersen leaving Brussels and going on a mission to the emperor to try and gain support and checkmate the émigrés, whose desertion the queen bitterly resented, and whose rashness threatened to frustrate her plans and endanger the lives of her family.
Do you really think a mere ruptured aortic aneurysm is a good enough excuse to endanger Freedom?
So nothing we do should endanger the macroeconomic stability that we have enjoyed since 1992.
The unhealthy lagoons contain abundance of fish.
What an abundance of leisure he must have!
The surrounding district is well cultivated and produces an abundance of fruit and vegetables.
There is an abundance of fertile soil and magnificent grazing land.
A fluorescent amber is said, however, to occur in some abundance in Southern Mexico.
Minerals occur in great variety and abundance.
The neighbourhood produces wheat, barley, olives and vines in abundance.
Innocent blood was shed in abundance.
They are brave and not unenergetic, though the soft climate and the abundance of food discourage industry.
The cones, produced in great abundance, are short and oval in shape, the scales with rugged indented edges; they are deep purple when young, but become brown as they ripen.
Pigs and goats were then abundant on the islands.
It is abundant beyond imagination.
Iron and coal are probably abundant, and silverlead, copper and antimony are believed to exist.
Wherever they came from, there is abundant evidence that their first occupation of the Australian continent must have been at a time so remote as to permit of no traditions.
The national troops were well armed with Remington rifles, provided with abundant ammunition, equipped with artillery and supported by the fleet.
Fresh-water forms, however, are also known, very few as regards species or genera, but often extremely abundant as individuals.
Australia produces abundant quantities and nearly all varieties of fruits; but the kinds exported are chiefly oranges, pineapples, bananas and apples.
Except in the vicinity of cities and townships, however, little use has been made of the abundant deposits of clay.
These were abundant in Tertiary Europe, as they are now in Japan, and represent perhaps a cooler element in the flora than that indicated above.
Ilex, usually a smaller tree, frequently of rather shrub-like appearance, with abundant glossy dark-green leaves, generally ovate in shape and more or less prickly at the margin, but sometimes with the edges entire; the under surface is hoary; the acorns are oblong on short stalks.
If I'm going to be your campaign manager, leave the business to me.
I'd better get my campaign manager cracking.
By the end of the four-month campaign, the White House would receive two million dimes.
Did you take part in the campaign? he asked.
Six ladies, all carrying campaign signs, formed an honor guard around the vehicle.
The old prince and his son seemed to have changed roles since the campaign of 1805.
During his campaign and his time in office, the extent of the effect of his polio was kept from the public, but the fact he had the disease was commonly known.
Dean had blanked his campaign for sheriff from his mind, but now it returned with a headache fury.
He accomplished a successful campaign in 1868 against Bokhara, capturing Samarkand and gradually subjugating the whole country.
Then followed in 1875 the campaign against Khokand, in which Kaufmann defeated the khan, Nasr-ed-din.
It would be wrong, however, to conclude that moral considerations have led up to this state of things.
We may conclude with brief reference to the most important aspects of the Roman doctrine.
To conclude, the book was flawed but not uninteresting.
The only reasonable thing left to do is to conclude peace as soon as possible, before we are turned out of Petersburg.
From similar investigations of valerianic acid he was led to conclude that fatty acids were oxygen compounds of the radicals hydrogen, methyl, ethyl, &c., combined with the double carbon equivalent C2.
Archimedes concluded from his measurements that the sun's diameter was greater than 27' and less than 32'; and even Tycho Brahe was so misled by his measures of the apparent diameters of the sun and moon as to conclude that a total eclipse of the sun was impossible.'
But this did not conclude the ceremony, even as far as the victim was concerned; it remained to dispose of the corpse.
Mr Basil Thomson (who after Baker's deportation had carried out reforms which the natives, when left alone, were incapable of maintaining) was sent in 1900 to conclude the treaty by which the king placed his kingdom under British protection.
These, with an account of Aristotle's Logic appended to Lord Kames's Sketches of the History of Man (1774), conclude the list of works published in Reid's lifetime.
He certainly describes a method of constructing a telescope, but not so as to lead one to conclude that he was in possession of that instrument.
In conclusion she asked her mother if she should like to see "very high mountain and beautiful cloudcaps."
He came to the conclusion that she, too, needed time to heal.
So it is impossible to understand by what reasoning the historians reach the conclusion that this maneuver was a profound one.
When he saw the pretty little Bourienne, Anatole came to the conclusion that he would not find Bald Hills dull either.
No wonder he came to the wrong conclusion.
Already from his military experience and what he had seen in the Austrian campaign, he had come to the conclusion that in war the most deeply considered plans have no significance and that all depends on the way unexpected movements of the enemy--that cannot be foreseen--are met, and on how and by whom the whole matter is handled.
The conclusion of the treaty of Bardo on the 12th of May, however, compelled Cairoli to sacrifice himself to popular indignation.
Kalnky desired that both the terms of the treaty and the fact of its conclusion should remain secret, but Bismarck and Mancini hastened to hint at its existence, the former in the Reichstag on the 12th of June 1882, and the latter in the Italian semi-official press.
An examination of their language seems to indicate that, it belongs to the Mon-Khmer group of languages, and the anthropological information forthcoming concerning the Sakai points to the conclusion that they show a greater affinity to the people of the Mon-Khmer races than to the Malayan stock.
On the 12th of September 1651 Cromwell made his triumphal entry into London at the conclusion of his victorious campaigns; and parliament granted him Hampton Court as a residence with £4000 a year.
How are we going to transport thirty pumpkins?
They need trucks to transport their goods and roads to drive the trucks on.
Howie was as excited as us once we could transport him more precisely.
The Venetians, who contracted for the transport of the crusaders, and whose blind doge Dandolo was first to land in Constantinople, received one-half and onefourth of the divided Greek empire for their spoils.
The transport concerns land routes and sea routes, the latter being the more important.
Improved communications are much needed for the transport of agricultural produce, but the state of the treasury does not admit of more than a nominal expenditure on road-making and other public works.
Lack of direct transport facilities is a difficulty.
There'll hardly be another such chance to fall on a transport as today.
So, again, it is impossible to make a useful comparative estimate of the advantages and disadvantages of the transport systems of England, the United States and Germany, unless we keep constantly in view the very different geographical, military and political conditions which these systems have to satisfy.
There are practically no branch roads in Turkestan, and the only means of transport in bulk is either by wagon on the few main roads, or by railway.
Independent carriers cannot run trains over the same line and underbid one another in offering transportation services.
St Joseph is a transportation centre of great importance.
But isolation and lack of transportation facilities have retarded its development.
If she had a method of transportation, that would be an alternative.
The invention of the railroad was a milestone in the history of transportation.
I'll arrange the transportation.
Wichita is a transportation centre for the rich agricultural region surrounding it, and is an important market for broom-corn.
These prisons received all sentenced to short terms of imprisonment, the long-term convicts going to the bagnes (the great convict prisons at the arsenals of Rochefort, Brest and Toulon), while in 1851 transportation to penal colonies was adopted.
Its trade is not large, however, owing to the costs of transportation.
The lack of transportation facilities has been partly relieved by the construction of a branch of the Southern Pacific (American) from Nogales southward to Guaymas and the Sinaloa frontier, from which it has been extended to Mazatlan.
His house was situated seven miles from the office and about the same distance from Betsy and me.
The town is charmingly situated on a small plateau, 1680 ft.
It is beautifully situated in the centre of a valley basin on a plateau 3500 ft.
Too bad it isn't situated in the mountains of California.
The town of Barwani is situated near the left bank of the Nerbudda.
The cottage is situated on the Spey river amidst scenery of surpassing loveliness.
It is situated at the east.
Geertruidenberg, Heusden, Ravestein and Grave are all similarly situated.
In 1752 its capital was situated on the right bank of the Guapore river and was named Villa Bella da Santissima Trindade de Matto Grosso, but in 1820 the seat of government was removed to Cuyaba and Villa Bella has fallen into decay.
It is situated in a malarious, almost desert plain, 9 m.
In historic times it was situate on the lower slopes of the hills, Coressus and Prion, which rise out of a fertile plain near the mouth of the river Cayster, while the temple and precinct of Artemis or Diana, to the fame of which the town owed much of its celebrity, were in the plain itself, E.N.E.
It is easily seen that, in the process of determining the masscentre, any group of particles may be replaced by a single particle whose mass isequal to that of the group, situate at the mass-centre of the group.
A circlet of radially situate infrabasals (IBB) may also be present.
He calls Aga Mahommed chief of Mazandaran, as also of Astarabad and some districts situate in Khurasan, and describes his tribe the Kajar, to be, like the Indian Rajput, usually devoted to the profession of arms. Whatever hold his father may have had on Gilan, it is certain that this province was not then in the sons possession, for his brother, Jiafir Kuli, governor of Baifrush (Balfroosh), had made a recent incursion into it and driven Hidaiyat Khan, its ruler, from Resht to Enzeli, and Aga Mahommed was himself meditating another attack on the same quarter.
Situate the mirror so it reflects light.
Many of them lived in the various vihdras or residences situate throughout the island; but the main centre of intellectual effort, down to the 8th century, was the Maha Vihara, the Great Minster, at Anwradhapura.
In the application to mechanics these coefficients are the masses of particles situate at the respective points, and are therefore all positive.
Another duty imposed upon a borough council by the act of 1882 is the maintenance of bridges within the borough which are not repairable by the county in which the borough is Borough locally situate.
What this means for you is that you will need a space big enough to situate a rear-projection television and to allow you to sit at a comfortable distance from it.
Read How to Buy an iPod to help you situate the kinds of iPods available and how to pick the right one for you.
Unless you want to go up and see if we can drown them out.
A child can drown in literally inches of water.
The faithful were encouraged to drown all tendency to thought in an ever-increasing flood of sensuous emotionalism.
An immense collection, that at times threatens to drown his own muse.
Be quiet, be quiet, be quiet, I tell you!... she almost screamed, so as to drown his voice.
About 1,500 children drown every year in the United States.
Put a lock on the toilet to prevent accidental drowning; toddlers can drown in a few inches of water.
But even then there was still time to drown the sorrows.
Such wretchedness as he endured has driven many men to shoot themselves or drown themselves.
At Ascalon there was a lake full of fish near the temple of Atargatis-Derketo, into which she was said to have been thrown together with her son Ichthys (fish) as a punishment for her arrogance, and to have been devoured by fishes; according to another version, ashamed of her amour with a beautiful youth, which resulted in the birth of Semiramis, she attempted to drown herself, but was changed into a fish with human face (see Atargatis).
This list goes on, but I will spare you.
What else are you doing to fill in all your spare time?
But I shall spare her.
I only wish I could spare my brother the first moments.
I have brought a spare uniform.
Can you spare a few days get together?
Toward midnight Bolkhovitinov, having received the dispatch and verbal instructions, galloped off to the General Staff accompanied by a Cossack with spare horses.
They won't spare you.
Betsy was in it but I'll spare the details.
If you satisfy me, I might consider whatever you ask of me, but I will never willingly spare your world.
How priceless are those last moments!
By the sound of it, it was one of his favorite, priceless, Ming vases.
I'm like those reclusive millionaires who own priceless art and won't let the rest of the world see it.
Napoleon's perfidy at Bayonne was so flagrant as to strip from him the mask of a champion of popular liberty which had previously been of priceless worth.
Some things are too priceless to be bought or earned.
The look on Betsy's shocked face was priceless.
We may thus hope to recover some priceless monuments of early Christianity, hymns and treatises perhaps of Marcion and Bardesanes, the Gospel of Peter, and even the Diatessaron.
Historical scholars will, however, revere this collection of dialogues as one of the most priceless of the treasures of antiquity still preserved to us.
Fortunately these words are of minor importance for the historical value of this priceless document.
To these things used to y listen at the time, through the mercy of God vouchsafed to me, noting them down, not on paper but in my heart, and constantly by the grace of God brood over my accurate recollections."These are priceless words, for they establish a chain of tradition (John-Polycarp-Irenaeus) which is without a parallel in early church history.
She blinked to relieve the stinging in her eyes.
That was when Mary decided to relieve her mind of a troubling thought.
A wonderful natural way to relieve stress is meditation.
He made an attempt, however, to relieve Mons,.
If you don't get some sleep when you go home, you won't be able to relieve me tonight.
He pulled the robe over her exposed body, feeling the urge to run to the gym or call Jenn for a quickie to relieve the sexual spring within him.
In Italy there is no legal right in the poor to be supported by the parish or commune, nor any obligation on the commune to relieve the poorexcept in the case of forsaken children and the sick poor.
Shifting her position to relieve a cramp in her hip, she twisted the injured shoulder and cried out in pain.
I'll stand watch first and Fritz can relieve me in an hour.
He exited the door in front of her and reached back to relieve her of the basket.
Relief brought a smile to her lips.
It was a relief to stretch out in a restaurant booth.
Relief brought tears to her eyes.
She sighed in relief and rested her head on Damian's shoulder.
Relief and fear unleashed within her, and she was hauled once again to her feet.
That's a relief, because I don't have any.
What she saw amazed her, and her eyes watered, this time out of relief and happiness.
The only relief he found came from composing.
Brady stared at the door to his bedroom, torn between relief and regret.
It would be a relief to turn all that stress over to him.
It was a scene from another time as Dean's friend and his smiling wife handed the reins to the urban couple.
The town is governed by an urban district council.
Even on this holiday, one of the busiest days of the year, traffic remained modest by urban standards.
I'm an urban warfare tactics trainer, specializing in tracking.
The urban half clearly have no opportunity to farm.
Lights from lasers and muzzle fire spotted the forest below them before they reached an urban area, mostly dark with several patches of electricity.
The hills and farmlands gradually turned to inner suburbia and then to the harshness of urban streets, choked tightly with the crush, smells and sounds of the city.
Brady approached the five soldiers in urban gray tactical suits crowded around the small box with a hole still smoking from a hit by a wayward laser bullet.
But between 1890 and 1900 the urban population increased 56.6% and the semiurban 61-6%, while the rural increased only 10.6%.
Burnham is an urban district with a population (1901) of 3245.
Every city had a large number of resident aliens.
Each year a payment is made to each resident of Alaska.
It seems like you've become the resident veterinarian and the vacation is over.
On the outbreak of the Boer War in 1899, these same chiefs, at a great meeting held in the presence of the resident commissioner, gave a further protestation of their loyalty to Her Majesty.
The Territory is administered, under the direction of the governor, by a resident commissioner, who is also the chief judicial officer.
The resident, Freytag, was not a very wise person (though he probably did not, as Voltaire would have it, spell "poesie" "poeshie"); constant references to Frederick were necessary; and the affair was prolonged so that Madame Denis had time to join her uncle.
Each of the 28 wards has a resident alderman elected by the entire city vote, one-half of the board retiring biennially.
Out of his long life of eighty years, sixty were spent amid its lakes and mountains, first as a schoolboy at Hawkshead, and afterwards as a resident at Grasmere (1799-1813) and Rydal Mount (1813-1850).
Perhaps a closer approximation would be to rate the creole element (whites of European descent) at 10%, as in Colombia, and the mixed races at 70%, the remainder consisting of Africans, Indians and resident foreigners.
Guests finish with an indulgent dessert, baked on premises by the resident pastry chef.
Just the three of us are in residence, soon to be two.
It looked like young Donnie had a chance at life, in a home where love was in residence, instead of hatred and desperation.
The area's countryside appeal has made it a popular residence for families and retired individuals.
By reason of its dry and bracing climate, Aliwal North is also a favourite residence of sufferers from chest complaints.
The audience included the Dawkinses, still in residence after an airplane mechanical problem delayed them yet another day.
Toghrul, the first ruler of the Seljuk dynasty, made Nishapur his residence in 1037.
Its chief town and the residence of the governor used to be Joshekan-Kali, a large village with fine gardens, formerly famous for its carpets (kali), but now the chief place is Maimeh, a little city with a population of 2500, situated at an elevation of 6670 ft., about 63 m.
She took up her residence at the palace of Bemposta, built by herself, near Lisbon.
Of these the most remarkable is the Pavilion, built as a residence for the prince regent (afterwards George IV.) and remodelled in 1819 by the architect, John Nash, in a grotesque Eastern style of architecture.
The most important buildings are the executive's residence.
The position of Damascus is a position of crucial importance from 1130 to 1154.
For some reason, his respect was important - even crucial.
The imminence of death often intensifies instead of diminishing a man's desire for the welfare of those he loves, as a crucial experiment proving the disinterestedness of love.
It's a long story but I have to find Cynthia first—it's crucial.
The court of appeal inserted a crucial caveat to the case.
It is crucial to get to know your own body.
That made progress tonight crucial to their escape.
They were silent, aware this would be one of the most crucial battles they'd encountered in ages.
In the enthusiasm of the moment the crucial question of the position to be occupied by the conflicting nationalities in this" fraternal union " was overlooked.
The theory therefore passes a crucial test when it is discovered that no gases exist for which n is either negative or unity.
What was so urgent that it couldn't wait?
My queen sent an urgent message to Dierdirien a few days ago.
The top one, marked urgent, was from Ethel Rosewater.
He turned to Kozlovski with urgent questions.
An urgent knock at the door jarred him from his thoughts.
He immediately set about introducing certain urgent reforms, suppressed all subsidies to the press, and declared his intention of governing according to law and justice.
He summoned Landon and gave his second-in-command an urgent message.
He logged into the computer and clandestine website, sending Damian an urgent message.
All desire to push him away vanished and she clung to him, lost in the ecstasy of his urgent lovemaking.
To escape the urgent demands of his creditors, he VIII.
There was urgency in his voice.
It managed to calm the sense of urgency he always felt.
He hung up, but there was urgency in his voice.
Urgency rose within him, along with anger.
Driven by the urgency to fight in any way she could, she pushed herself away from the wall and walked in search of Hilden.
She'd managed to avoid the sense of urgency and pressure Jonny no doubt wanted her to experience.
Gabriel met his gaze, and Rhyn ceased pacing.  Sensing his urgency, Gabriel stood.
The urgency of foreign affairs, and subsequently internal strife at the council table, hindered Hastings from developing farther the system of civil administration, a task finally accomplished by Lord Cornwallis.
They were burdened by an abnormal urgency of desire and capacity for suffering, which no doubt took different phases in the man and the woman, but linked them together in a common susceptibility to ideal pain.'
In any case the people are driven out by some adverse change; and when the urgency is great they may require to drive out in turn weaker people who occupy a desirable territory, thus propagating the wave of migration, the direction of which is guided by the forms of the land into inevitable channels.
The earth has an enormous molten core that contains vast amounts of energy.
His income is said by Lucian to have reached an enormous figure.
Distributed computing makes enormous computational problems affordable to solve.
The enormous study was full of things evidently in constant use.
Alex was the reluctant heir to an enormous amount of land and money.
His papers were sensational in form and contents and had an enormous popular circulation.
As soon as Rostov heard them, an enormous load of doubt fell from him.
This spawn is sometimes so profuse that it is pulled out of the beds in enormous masses and carted away in barrows.
Read the mystical book I am sending you; it has an enormous success here.
The result is, on the one hand, a clearing away of much fantastic phylogeny, on the other, an enormous reduction of the supposed gaps between groups.
I have a special mission for you.
I can't have you distract me from my mission right now.
He failed in his mission, for which she was grateful.
Its mission statement is to demand transparency after a crime is committed and to assure all efforts to nail the guilty party are being pursued.
I have a real mission to execute hunting down insurgents.
You're fine now, and it's time for me to move onto the next mission, she insisted.
Suppose Alfred Nota and his pal Homer's break-in at Collingswood Avenue was just a cover-up and their true mission was to plant a listening device.
In September 1791, Roland's mission being executed, they returned to Lyons.
It never sat well with him that those charged with enforcing Death's mission served not out of choice but obligation to the deity that stole their souls.
For now, our mission is to protect the lost souls from the demons.
Your aunt and uncle seem pretty fond of you.
I didn't know you were so fond of horses.
Though she's a lady, she's very fond of hunting.
Princess Mary was particularly fond of her.
They were fond of asking one another that question.
I have grown so fond of her.
She is so kind and Mamma is so fond of her!
Here the conversation seemed interesting and he stood waiting for an opportunity to express his own views, as young people are fond of doing.
He was also fond of hunting, and for this reason usually lived at Adrianople.
They are fond of singing and dancing, and are a gentle-mannered and hospitable folk.
Then the king called one of the wisest scholars in Egypt and asked him what the word meant.
His activity at that time was no less astounding than it was in Egypt, in Italy, in Austria, and in Prussia.
On the one hand, he regards him as supreme in power, controlling the destinies of Babylonia and Egypt as well as those of Israel, and as inflexibly just in dealing with ordinary offences against morality.
Between 1130 and his death in 1163, `Abd-el-Mumin not only rooted out the Murabtis, but extended his power over all northern Africa as far as Egypt, becoming amir of Morocco in 1149.
The people of Egypt were very proud; for they believed that they were the first and oldest of all nations.
He alone--with his ideal of glory and grandeur developed in Italy and Egypt, his insane self-adulation, his boldness in crime and frankness in lying--he alone could justify what had to be done.
To the placing in quarantine of the vessel which took him to Egypt is due the origin of his great conception of a canal across the isthmus of Suez.
Before he set sail for Egypt, the French had taken possession of Rome.
It visits Palestine, but is unknown in Egypt.
Forsaking the priesthood about 1864, he was employed as a diplomatist by the British government in Egypt, Asia Minor, the West Indies, and Bulgaria, being appointed resident minister in Uruguay in 1884; he died at Montevideo on the 30th of September 1888.
The purpose was to decrease the floods which sometimes threaten to entirely submerge the city.
To make the most of this move, submerge your entire body except for your head.
You wash dishes with them and submerge them in water over and over again.
Submerge the fruit in water and gently pull it apart.
The wave can submerge all those around the source of the anger.
You should not submerge the outer casing in water since it contains the electrical components of the grill.
Submerge the phone in the rice or silica and let the phone sit overnight.
Hippos must submerge regularly because their skin is thin and virtually hairless and therefore vulnerable to overheating and dehydration.
Never run water over the appliance or submerge it in water.
They swim rapidly, propelled by the powerful tail and by the mostly webbed limbs, or they submerge themselves, with only the tip of the nose and the eyes showing, or sometimes also the back.
The congestion must be breaking up.
They called it acute congestion of the stomach and brain.
Despite a huge emigration of Jews from Russia, the congestion within the pale is the cause of terrible destitution and misery.
Manchester hopes that Mr Darling will unblock funding for extensions to its tram network in return for its cooperation in testing congestion charging.
The public baths were kept under strict supervision; the toga was ordered to be worn in public by senators and equites on solemn occasions; extravagant banquets were prohibited; rules were made to prevent the congestion of traffic in the streets.
There may be bleeding from the nose, cutaneous congestion, deafness, blindness, coma or delirium, and even death from cardiac failure.
Allergies can become obvious in the first few months of life in the form of nasal congestion, cough, rash, or diarrhea following food intake.
The service repairs punctures, replaces inner tubes and checks tire pressure within the Congestion Charging Zone.
Urban regeneration brings congestion by the lorry load A 44 ton refrigerated lorry is blocking the road ahead.
The idea is to relieve congestion around the school gates.
On the contrary, they have divine power to demolish strongholds.
Before you demolish your kitchen to completely remodel it, take stock of your home improvement skills.
The plan is to demolish the shops and build a new hypermarket in their place.
Rather than demolish two elm trees in the park a giant domed glass ceiling was built around them.
Notification of Demolition of buildings (PDF 9kb) Use this form if applying to demolish a building.
Please note that if you intend to demolish a dwelling, you may also need to obtain planning consent before doing so.
But there is no need to demolish the standing edifice of the CFP in order to make them.
The most common problem occurs when householders want to demolish an old garage with asbestos roofing.
Romero said the collapse of the structures resembled those of controlled implosions used to demolish old structures.
We are opposing the owners of the former Wesleyan ' tin tabernacle ' at Hebden Bridge who wish to demolish.
