The helicopter righted itself fast, and she saw the parachute Brady had been trying to release by smashing his fist against the control box in the ceiling.
The top of the buggy caught the air like a parachute or an umbrella filled with wind, and held them back so that they floated downward with a gentle motion that was not so very disagreeable to bear.
He had been using the specially built parachute attached to a harness to catch gusts of wind along the seafront.
Conan's golden parachute includes a total of $45 million for Conan and $7.5 million for his staffers.
Remember when you step into the abyss, carry a parachute.
The parachute is supported by a cartilage attached to the wrist or carpus; in addition to the lateral membrane, there is a narrow one from the cheek along the front of each shoulder to the wrist, and in the larger species a third (interfemoral) connecting the hind-limbs with the base of the long tail.
Since, however, this parachute is absent in some members of the family, the most distinctive character is the presence of a double row of spiny scales on the under surface of the tail, which apparently aid in climbing.
The species without a parachute constitutes the genus Zenkerella, and looks very like an ordinary squirrel (see Rodentia).
The needs for these are obvious - buoyancy in water and resistance to wetting for the first, some form of parachute for the second, and some attaching mechanism or attractive structure for the third.
Who wouldn't want a severance package like Conan's golden parachute?
But the terms passport and sea-letter are often used indiscriminately.
In its more familiar sense a passport is a.
Chinese literary examinations ceased to be a passport to office.
The savings passport program, as the membership is called, also has a point system in which customer get cash back in the form of rebate checks towards future purchases.
Attach a luggage tag instead of a regular gift name tag, or create a "passport" style greeting card with Christmas wishes in different languages.
In effect, the certificate is a passport detailing every aspect of the diamond.
Keep your passport with you at all times.
You don't have to be a wine tasting host or consultant to join The Passport Wine Club.
Polar Passport - If you want to visit Seneca Lake wineries but don't like crowds, visit the area during the cooler months of the year.
The Polar Passport is available for use from December through April and costs $10 plus tax.
Mind keeping your foot on the brake pedal while I rummage?
Isocardiidae.-Mantle largely closed, pedal orifice small; gill-plates of equal size; shell globular, with prominent and coiled umbones.
The ventral cords are the pedal, the dorso-lateral, the pleural, the former innervating the foot, the latter the mantle.
A solo motor cycle was added at a cost of £ 80, together with six more pedal cycles.
The ramifications of the arteries convey the blood to all parts of the body, and it finally reaches the venous sinuses, the chief of which are the pedal, the pallial and the median-ventral.
The pedal cords are connected by commissures, and the pedal and pleural of each side are similarly connected.
At the point of the collar whence the nerve-cords arise are the cerebral ganglia; from these one pair of connectives passes to a pair of pedal ganglia, and another pair of connectives to a pair of pleural ganglia.
Pedal and pleural on each side are connected by a pleuro-pedal connective Each pleural ganglion gives off a long nerve which supplies the viscera, and the two unite posteriorly below the intestine.
The perioesophageal nerve-ring of Chaetopoda and Arthropoda is represented, not by the collar first mentioned in the above description, but by the commissures connecting the cerebral and pedal ganglia.
D, E, F, Trochosphere stage, D fp, Pore in the foot (belonging mf, The mantle-flap or limbus to the pedal gland?).
She sprayed the perfume on her wrist and coughed.
What kind of perfume are you wearing, it's wonderful.
She reached for the perfume in her pocket.
She wore no makeup but some alluring perfume made her smell like heaven.
A gal in perfume sneaking her Marlboro remembered seeing it.
The air is sweet with the perfume of jasmines, heliotropes and roses.
Two species of acacia are remarkable for the delicate and violet-like perfume of their wood - myall and yarran.
She looked around the area where his desk had been and spotted a perfume bottle similar to the one he'd give her before.
I didn't get past the perfume counter.
She sighed and held out her arm, setting the perfume on the table as she sat.
A small plastic bag fell out of the pocket.
It's in the freezer, in a plastic bag wrapped with foil.
Other structures and institutions are the new buildings of the art association; the academy of the plastic arts (1874-1885), in the Renaissance style; and the royal arsenal (Zeughaus) with the military museum.
Really Sarah, can you honestly say you don't taste the plastic bag?
Dean looked up from squeezing honey from a plastic bear onto a piece of whole wheat toast smeared with peanut butter.
Finally she put the knife down and started putting the sliced meat in a plastic container.
Much plastic clay and sand are derived from them.
It conducts plastic substances inwards from the cortex, and its cells are frequently full of starch, which they store in winter.
Even a machine of simple type, like the ordinary drain-pipe machine, in which the retorts are made by forcing the plastic clay mixture through a die, may result in greater economy and uniformity than is possible when retorts are made by hand.
The Jews were as well able as their neighbours to fashion golden calves, snakes and the minor idols called teraphim, when their legislator, in the words we have just cited, forbade the ancillary use of all plastic and pictorial art for religious purposes.
Jessi relaxed some, leaning against the pole at her side.
It is continuous round the pole and roughly is bounded by the arctic circle.
If she likes imitating a bean pole, that's her choice.
Prince Andrew looked out of the shed and saw Pierre, who had tripped over a pole on the ground and had nearly fallen, coming his way.
Do you have a pole?
Darting around a pole, she grabbed the top of the bodice so it wouldn't fall.
Academy as part of an investigation with the object of ascertaining the length of the degree near the equator and near the pole respectively so as to determine the figure of the earth.
At the opposite pole stood ancient Greece.
He reached down and grabbed her cane pole from the ground.
The outer wall of the capsule is incomplete at one pole, leaving an aperture through which the thread is discharged.
The Derby porcelain or china manufactory was started about 1750.
The porcelain clock on the wall proclaimed the time as ten minutes until twelve, but it didn't seem that late.
Its skin was porcelain pale, as if it never saw sunlight.
She turned the porcelain knob and pushed the door open.
This is undoubtedly the finest jewelled porcelain in Japan; the best examples leave nothing to be desired The factorys period of excellence began about the year I 680, ant culminated at the close of the 18th century.
Bianca's new world was tiny and white, the porcelain toilet the only chair and the tub the only place long enough for her to lie down.
There are manufactures of paper, hats, leather, ropes, porcelain, majolica, soap, spirits, and ornaments made of palm leaves and grasses.
The space a must allow for the inclusion of a copper spiral if the substance contains nitrogen, and a silver spiral if halogens be present, for otherwise nitrogen oxides and the halogens may be condensed in the absorption apparatus; b contains copper oxide; c is a space for the insertion of a porcelain or platinum boat containing a weighed quantity of the substance; d is a copper spiral.
Though her hair was pink, there was no mistaking the delicate facial features, porcelain skin and large eyes of the woman who tormented him his entire life then dumped the underworld on him.
The principal industries are wool and cotton spinning, and the manufacture of porcelain, earthenware, boots, soap, oil, sparkling wines and beer.
The pottery of the Malays is rude but curious.
It has a royal shell factory, calico-printing mills, lignite mines, stone quarries and pottery and tobacco factories.
It closes with the introduction of incised, white-filled decoration on pottery, whose motives are presently found reproduced in monochrome pigment.
The fertility of its territory and its manufacture of black glazed pottery, which was even exported to Etruria, made it prosperous.
Another river of note is the Chang Kiang, which has its source in the province of Ngan-hui and flows into the Po-yang Lake, connecting in its course the Wuyuen district, whence come the celebrated "Moyune" green teas, and the city of King-to-chen, celebrated for its pottery, with Jao-chow Fu on the lake.
The town carries on the manufacture of earthenware and pottery, leather, &c. and the cultivation of fruit and wine.
It has important fisheries, and manufactures salt, pottery, roofing (made of nipa leaves), and nipa wine.
Paintings hung on every wall and expensive looking pottery lamps with hand painted shades gave the room a warm glow.
Tiles and pottery are made in the island.
It has one of the finest collections of casts in existence, a number of original pieces of Greek statuary, the second-best collection in the world of Aretine ware, the finest collection of Japanese pottery, and probably the largest and finest of Japanese paintings in existence.
They shall get no powder, if I can help it.
It is a brown powder which is readily decomposed by boiling water.
I can only assume the powder you found in my pocket was powdered sugar.
It is a dark brown powder.
When the king's soldiers heard about this powder, they made up their minds to go out and get it for themselves.
From the bottom of this sea they have been raised to form the dry lands along the shores of Suffolk, whence they are now extracted as articles of commercial value, being ground to powder in the mills of Mr [afterwards Sir John] Lawes, at Deptford, to supply our farms with a valuable substitute for guano, under the accepted name of coprolite manure."
Silver chromate, Ag2Cr04, is a dark red amorphous powder obtained when silver nitrate is precipitated by an alkaline chromate.
Scrap mica is ground to powder or used in the manufacture of micanite.
Paramide is a white amorphous powder, insoluble in water and alcohol.
While he also prevents interruption of the operation by means of water-jackets, he uses hot-blast, and produces, besides metallic lead, large volumes of lead fumes which are drawn off by fans through long cooling tubes, and then forced through suspended bags which filter off the dust, called "blue powder."
Either way, the words were the product of a kind heart.
Sainte-Claire Deville obtained a grey product, from which, on dissolving out the aluminium with sodium hydroxide, they obtained a crystalline product, which they thought to be a modification of boron, but which was shown later to be a mixture of aluminium borides with more or less carbon.
Good information on a product can mitigate this problem.
A product of being an only child of aging parents, no doubt.
And every day, their product gets better because it is being fed more data.
Now, we know that the number of electrochemical equivalents electrolysed is proportional to the whole amount of electricity which passed through the circuit, and the product of this by the electromotive force of the battery is the work done by the latter, so that in this case also Joule showed that the heat generated was proportional to the work done.
Vegetables.Potatoes are not a special product of any region, though grown in great quantities in the Bresse and the Vosges.
In 1905 the value of Troy's factory product was $31,860,829.
One could hardly expect that a colourless deity of this description, so completely the product of priestly speculation, could ever have found a place in the hearts of the people generally.
When you look at a product on one of its web pages, Amazon suggests other products you might like as well.
He pulled off the quilt and shook it.
The quilt of a high, white feather bed was just visible behind a screen.
Effie paused, tugging her quilt higher.
He was lying on his back propped up high, and his small bony hands with their knotted purple veins were lying on the quilt; his left eye gazed straight before him, his right eye was awry, and his brows and lips motionless.
He pulled the quilt down on the other side of the bed.
It is connected with what has long been known as the Bed Quilt Cave.
She passed the valet, the snuff fell from the candle wick, and she saw Prince Andrew clearly with his arms outside the quilt, and such as she had always seen him.
His hands were symmetrically placed on the green silk quilt, the palms downward.
Don't forget about your local quilt shop.
But in the four rainy months the night here is cold enough to render a quilt necessary."
He had this rag wrapped around his right hand.
He grabbed a rag and wet it before wiping her mouth.
I have laughed at the poor duck, with the red rag tied round its leg.
All I'll I need do is prepare a rag with my special solution...
Her eyes were closed and she was obviously unconscious, flopping like a rag doll.
In her bathroom, she wiped her face with a cold rag and took a couple of aspirin.
She scooted the chair under the table and tossed the rag in the hamper.
Cynthia removed the rag from her face and stared at her friend.
The assailant pushed a rag against the sleeping girl's nose and mouth and quietly, but with surprising speed, was down the stairs and out the front door in the matter of seconds.
She wrapped her hand around the doorknob and turned it from steel into a rag and pushed the door open.
He tucked the razor in his shirt pocket.
After breakfast Keaton retrieved a portable razor from his car.
Calculating the actual, societal costs of fatty foods, alcohol, cars, pet ownership, mercury thermometers, air conditioning, solar panels, razor blades, jogging shoes, and ten thousand other things, and incorporating those costs in the prices as taxes would lead to a vastly more efficient allocation of resources.
Replace the shaving heads on the razor to correct the problem.
If the electric razor has caused irritations, such as bumps or rashes, or cut the skin frequently from the first use, that specific model of electric razor may be too tough for your sensitive skin.
Switching to an electric razor made for sensitive skin may alleviate the problem.
If the electric razor did not initially cause skin irritations or cuts, but has started to recently, the problem could be due to dulled razor blades.
The razor is placed on a charger between uses to keep the battery fresh.
If your razor no longer holds a charge, the problem could be due to either the battery or the charger.
First, try allowing the razor's internal battery to drain completely and then place it on the charger for a full twenty-four hours.
The black ribbon of the demon was gone.
The star, badge and ribbon of the order are illustrated on Plate II., figs.
The rich maroon hue was mixed with a ribbon of black.
In Squier and Crehore's " Synchronograph " system " sine waves of current, instead of sharp " makes and breaks," or sharp reversals, are employed for transmitting signals, the waves being produced by an alternating-current dynamo, and regulated by means of a perforated paper ribbon, as in the Wheatstone automatic system.
The warm sun had eaten most of the snow from the roadway, leaving a contrasting black ribbon, in places still snow-patched from last night's covering.
When Destiny wanted to wear a ring like mommy, Carmen tied a yellow ribbon around her finger and made a bow of it on the top.
The receiving apparatus consisted of a multiplier, in the centre of which were pivoted one or two magnetic needles, which either indicated the message by the movement of an index or by striking two bells of different tone, or recorded it by making ink dots on a ribbon of paper.
The badge, star and ribbon of the knights grand cross are illustrated on Plate III., figs.
It is glorious to behold this ribbon of water sparkling in the sun, the bare face of the pond full of glee and youth, as if it spoke the joy of the fishes within it, and of the sands on its shore.
It was not the dress, but the face and whole figure of Princess Mary that was not pretty, but neither Mademoiselle Bourienne nor the little princess felt this; they still thought that if a blue ribbon were placed in the hair, the hair combed up, and the blue scarf arranged lower on the best maroon dress, and so on, all would be well.
She jerked on the sack again.
Brandon handed a small sack to Rachel.
It hit her like a sack of corn.
There was an empty sack which had contained the climbing rope but it was empty and Dean put it aside.
He opened the door for her and took the sack of groceries.
The lamp beside her bed was on and he had a sack in one hand.
He set the sack on the night table.
Alex met her at the door and took the sack of groceries.
That fellow's dropped his sack and doesn't see it.
At the cabin she lifted the sack of groceries in one arm and balanced the broom in the other hand.
She held out a saucer and cup.
You wouldn't have to make a big deal out of; like seeing a flying saucer, I added with a smile.
I remembered the flying saucer analogy.
You know, Howie, I've given some thought to your flying saucer analogy.
Only a few flying saucer advocates spoke from the fringes with a positive slant.
By rapidly stirring molten iron oxide into molten pig iron in a furnace shaped like a saucer, slightly inclined and turning around its axis, at a temperature but little above the melting-point of the metal itself, the phosphorus and silicon are removed rapidly, without removing much of the carbon, and by this means an extremely pure cast iron is made.
Such a saltwater saucer of fresh water is maintained full to overflowing by the rainfall, and owing to the frictional resistance of the sand and to capillary action and the fact that a given column of fresh water is balanced by a shorter column of sea water, the fresh water never sinks to the mean sea-level unless artificially abstracted.
When Cade came into the kitchen she placed a cup of hot chocolate and a saucer of cinnamon toast before him.
She cut a piece of the pie and served it to him on a clean saucer.
She handed Deidre the teacup and saucer.
She pulled the scarf from her neck and wiped her face.
All abutting joints in riveted work are faced to exact lengths and absolutely at right angles to the axis of the piece, and are spliced by scarf plates of proper dimensions adequately secured by rivets.
Lynda has enrolled on a spinning course and plans to knit a scarf by Christmas!
I'm thinking garter stitch scarf in chunky yarn with big needles - some instant gratification to get her hooked.
Historical Crosses Lotus Scarf Highly desirable and beautifully tactile, these scarves are a perfect accessory for daytime and evening wear.
Also, worsted tartan tam to match that scarf or tartan skirt.
He paraded the streets of Berlin wrapped in a scarf of the German black and gold, symbol of his intention to be the leader of the united Germany; and he even wrote to the indignant tsar in praise of "the glorious German revolution."
He didnÃ¢t look like a typical rocker with his matching brown trilby and scarf combination.
The distinctive mark of the clergy (at least of the more dignified) has been the tippet or scarf above mentioned, a broad band of black silk worn stole-wise, but not to be confused with the stole, since it has no liturgical significance and was originally no more than part of the clerical outdoor dress (see Stole).
The general became silent, angrily pulling down his tight scarf.
They fit together as nice as hot apple pie and a scoop of cold ice cream.
So they re-introduced it as chick-wheels so the honeys along the beach could scoop out the surfers and maybe get laid.
Sofi made herself a milkshake consisting of frozen blood from Damian, chocolate syrup, pickles, and a scoop of ice cream.
Carmen left Alex with the doe and ducked into the dairy, returning with a scoop of alfalfa pellets she distributed in the long narrow feed trough along the wall.
Ten years before, John Worlidge, one of his correspondents, and the author of the Systema Agriculturae (1669), observes, " Sheep fatten very well on turnips, which prove an excellent nourishment for them in hard winters when fodder is scarce; for they will not only eat the greens, but feed on the roots in the ground, and scoop them hollow even to the very skin.
In the case of horizontal retorts the space between the top of the coal and the retort is of necessity considerable in order to permit the introduction of the scoop and rake; the gas has therefore a free channel to travel along, but has too much contact with the highly heated surface of the retort before it leaves the mouthpiece.
Its food consists almost solely of vegetables and honey, but the latter is its favourite food, - the extreme length and pliability of the tongue enabling it to scoop out the honeycombs from the hollows of trees.
In Tirol, a single hole is made near the root of the tree in the spring; this is stopped with a plug, and the turpentine is removed by a scoop in the autumn; but each tree yields only from a few ounces to z lb by this process.
Solomon directed the genii to scoop out a hollow for the throne on the summit of the mountain.
When water is required, a scoop is lowered into them from below the engine, and if the speed is sufficient the water is forced up it into the tender-tanks.
Did I screw up somewhere along the line?
Basically, it started with a screw up.
A steel cylinder (about the thickness of a goose-quill), which forms the micrometer screw, has two threads cut upon it, one-half being cut with a thread double the pitch of the other.
The amount of this pressure is regulated by the screw z'.
They started hauling out the booze and I don't want to do anything to screw up a scholarship—especially now.
A metal contact-piece adjustable by a screw could be made to just touch a point at the centre of the disk.
In determining the errors of the screw of the Potsdam form FIG.
Screw pines have a closer connection.
It was as if the thread of the chief screw which held his life together were stripped, so that the screw could not get in or out, but went on turning uselessly in the same place.
Screw pines are replaced by the nearly allied Cyclanthaceae.
We hacked open a can of baked beans with a screwdriver and ate them cold.
I'd better get a screwdriver and tighten that ladder before you fall and break your neck.
The only tool needed to assemble these cabinets is a screwdriver.
I 'm not completely heartless tho - I bought a screwdriver.
Insert the fixture up into the access hole until its lip is even with the ceiling and use a screwdriver to raise the brackets on the inside of the lighting can.
Still on the move, he fumbled for his sonic screwdriver.
Once you've finished the safety guidelines above, the actual repairs usually require nothing more than a standard screwdriver, wire strippers and sometimes a pair of heavy duty needle nose pliers.
Use a large flat blade screwdriver to lever the seal out.
To do this you just unscrew two little screws either side with the mini screwdriver provided and unclip a spring.
Off to get the T20 torx screwdriver, whatever that is!
It had to be the shampoo or soap, because she wasn't wearing perfume.
The braids had to be untangled in order to shampoo the mud from her hair.
Once your dog is thoroughly wet you start applying the shampoo in the same order.
If it is long and unrecognizable, you probably don't want or need it in your dog's shampoo.
If you prefer organic products for your own use, you may be considering organic dog shampoo for your pet.
While human shampoos can actually damage a dog's fur, dog shampoo is formulated to work with a dog's special grooming needs.
The shampoo is made with herbs and other substances that have natural healing properties to keep your pet's coat at its best.
It is important when choosing any shampoo to read the ingredients.
Although dog shampoo may say it is organic, there are no regulations for organic cosmetics and shampoos.
There could be ingredients contained in the dog shampoo that you don't want.
But, since the beginning I have been a dry shaver; I've always used an electric shaver, mostly Philishave models.
It is also less selfish than borrowing your boyfriend's shaver.
His electric shaver is attached to the wall with a large chrome mirror.
The battle began in 1993 when rivals Remington consulted solicitors about launching a triple-headed shaver in the UK.
The bathroom has an efficient fan wall heater and a dual voltage shaver point.
Hair straightners, hair dryers, curling tongs, shaver, toothbrush charger etc. An extra set of clothes.
It is also less selfish than borrowing your boyfriend 's shaver.
But, since the beginning I have been a dry shaver; I 've always used an electric shaver, mostly Philishave models.
The bedroom has a double shower, sink, WC, shaver sockets, fully tiled.
There are shaver points on all the boats too.
He dropped the shovel and darted for her playfully.
Alex was leaning on a shovel, watching her when she joined him.
When loaded by shovel the car is made low to economize labour.
Working with a mattock and shovel, she began digging a hole.
Alex leaned on the shovel and watched as Sam rode up the hill toward them.
Do you have another shovel?
Gerald took the shovel from her and put a comforting arm around her shoulders.
When he finished the chores, he swallowed three aspirins and went outside to shovel the accumulating snow, hoping further activity might dissipate the anger he felt, not only at Shipton, but at himself for losing it in so public and childish manner.
Dean asked, as he leaned on his shovel.
Finally Carmen grabbed the shovel and jabbed it into the pile of dirt.
It would take a sledge hammer or more to break down this portal.
Temptation had been pounding on the door with a sledge hammer lately.
In March 1900 a sledge party of thirteen, under Captain Cagni, started northwards.
The drift lasted for 264 days and no land was sighted, although a sledge journey was made westward to long.
Five sledge parties started simultaneously in Nov.
The sledge ran out of control and carried him across the frozen lake.
The snow in places was as granular and hard to pull through as sand, and only one sledge could be moved at a time, so that on some days many hours' work only made 2 m.
A light tap with a 7lb sledge hammer remedied the fault!
In March 1770 a merchant named Liakhov saw a large herd of reindeer coming from the north to the Siberian coast, which induced him to start in a sledge in the direction whence they came.
I pressed myself flat on the sledge until whoosh -- The wolf leaped over me and sank its jaws Into my horse's hindquarters.
He sprang out before the sleigh stopped, and ran into the hall.
From that sleigh one could hear the shouts, laughter, and voices of the mummers.
A great many are dyed black and brown, in imitation of bear, and are used largely in the western parts of the United States and Canada for sleigh and carriage rugs.
Nicholas overtook the first sleigh.
There is only this beauty they can see from the cushions of their sleigh, these very same mountains, the valley, and especially each other.
Every year Santa Claus takes a journey over the world in a sleigh drawn by a strong and rapid steed called "Rudolph."
Baggage is conveyed to your apartment or hotel by horse-drawn sleigh or snow tractor.
Other features of these rooms include either a four poster or sleigh bed or separate walk in shower.
If you want to create a romantic bedroom, consider a four poster bed or sleigh bed with overstuffed pillows.
Two elves at the front of the sleigh blew a trumpet fanfare.
They were fitted on to the shaft by a socket which was open on one side.
The materials required are iron borings, sal-ammoniac and sulphur; these are mixed together, moistened with water, and rammed into the socket, which is previously half filled with yarn, well caulked.
Some screwed in, others dropped into a socket and were secured by a bayonet joint.
Small copper hoes (Is) with a hollow socket are probably of about the XXIInd Dynasty.
Electrical socket outlets are not permitted in a bathroom.
Also has S-video socket to use in lieu of the yellow composite video phono connection.
The board will only be able to carry Pentium processors using the socket 775.
Simply plug into a standard electrical socket to emit an ultrasonic sound and an electromagnetic pulse.
Spring ball socket retainer and drilled head to accept retaining pin where applicable.
A ' dumb end ' allows different heads to be fitted, simply by loosening a socket screw.
It's my souvenir from Ohio.
It is a very interesting souvenir of Columbus, and of the Fair White City; but I cannot imagine what discoveries I have made,--I mean new discoveries.
You may choose to pick up a souvenir at each beach you visit.
Some choose to order these as a souvenir or memento for their All My Children fan collection, while others use them as material for a college acting class or other creative endeavor.
Some people simply want a souvenir of a love story they find inspirational.
Smyth got a lovely souvenir for winning the season finale.
Punch and Judy shows, living marionettes and clowns were among the attractions and there was a presentation of souvenir mugs and beakers.
The two surviving remnants of the trunk are enclosed by a stone wall built in 1795 to deter souvenir hunters.
Another option is to frame a memento or souvenir of a trip you took together or an event you attended as a couple.
Avon Primary School 50th Anniversary in April with Headmaster Mr Duncan Jennings and some pupils holding their souvenir mugs.
A hoe or a spade is almost unknown.
She stabbed the spade into the flowerbed and gazed off into the distance.
Then cut a large circle around the tree with a sharp spade.
Let the turf be taken off with the spade, and laid carefully aside for relaying.
If your penchant for designer style knows no bounds, consider a Kate Spade beach bag for your next trip to the seaside.
Most Kate Spade bags tend to reflect a spirit that is somehow both classic and trendy.
Kate Spade's newest launch is called Paper.
As luck - or a lack of it - would have it, she couldn't find The One, so she and her husband Andy Spade created it themselves.
Not exactly known for being wallflowers, Kate Spade's designs make ample use of vivid colors and eye-catching patterns.
The good news is that Spade's beach bags don't necessarily appeal solely to women.
The turban and the spear became the banner of the Spanish Omayyads.
Here the horse and spear are still used, and the sport is one of the most popular in India.
The chief weapons were the sword and spear.
Amymone having thrown her spear at a stag, missed it, but hit a satyr asleep in the brake.
Bruce evaded his spear and slew him with an axe stroke; the axe shaft broke in his hand.
No definite line can be drawn between the spear proper and the javelin.
They use a stabbing spear, small throwing spears, and a broad-bladed short sword.
It was hunted in England and in Europe on foot and on horseback with dogs, while the weapon of attack was always the spear.
The cast brass handgrip has spear head shaped mounting plates and a good, curved grip.
Sometimes the lever blends in and looks like a tree branch or spear.
His gaze went to the statue of him.
He looked amused, if a statue could look amused.
There is a statue of General Louis Charles Desaix de Veygoux in the Place de Jaude.
He didn't move; for a long moment, she convinced herself he was a statue, not a man too still to be human.
She patted the statue, feeling the magic cling to her as she rose.
There was one beneath each statue representing a continent.
He circled his statue, barely recalling his life growing up.
To the south and west of the city a large district is laid out as a park, where there is a statue to the memory of John Maurice of Nassau-Siegen (1604-1679), who governed Cleves from 1650 to 1679, and in the western part there are mineral wells with a pump room and bathing establishment.
The largest statue was Andre, their eldest brother who had recently become dead-dead, standing over Europe.
In return Apollinaris composed a panegyric in his honour (as he had previously done for Avitus), which won for him a statue at Rome and the title of count.
He sat on the bar stool next to her.
He returned to his stool, feeling like a com­plete fool.
He parked himself at a computer, and she perched on a stool beside him.
He stepped behind Elisabeth's stool, placed his hands on her shoulders, and kissed the top of her head.
She leaned over the stool, expecting to lose the little she had eaten for breakfast.
He was glaring at Darian, who sat across the kitchen on another stool.
He sat at the bar, ordered a drink, then swiveled the stool for a better view.
It would probably be easier to go back and get a stool, but it was only a few more inches.
When the rustic talks in the vernacular to his horse he is not much concerned to know whether he is heard and understood; still less when he mutters threats against an absent rival, or kicks the stool that has tripped him up with a vicious "Take that!"
It sat on a table, and behind it were two easels and a stool.
The future system I foresee will not be different in substance, but only in degree.
The substance of thought is language, and language is the one thing to teach the deaf child and every other child.
Two chlorides of copper are known, one a highly coloured substance, the other quite white.
Similarly the substance we call wine is undeniably variable in composition.
He believes that the capsule contains a substance which swells very rapidly when brought into contact with water, and that in the undischarged condition the capsule has its.
His most original contribution to the substance of Roman literature was that he first shaped into poetry the experience of his own heart, as it had been shaped by Alcaeus and Sappho in the early days of Greek poetry.
But, in attempting to make this conception quite clear and thinkable, we are forced to represent the connexion of things as a universal substance, the essence of which we conceive as a system of laws which underlies everything and in its own self connects everything, but imperceptible, and known to us merely through the impressions it produces on us, which we call things.
If we examine such a substance as sugar we find that it can be broken up into fine grains, and these again into finer, the finest particles still appearing to be of the same nature as sugar.
Cedria, or cedar resin, is a substance similar to mastic, that flows from incisions in the tree; and cedar manna is a sweet exudation from its branches.
The mode of heating varies with the substance to be distilled.
He placed the sword in a rack with others and exited into the night.
He waved his sword in the air.
He pried the sword from her clamped hand.
I spurred my panting steed and waved my sword.
His sword lowered as the time grew on.
After he had gone Pierre continued pacing up and down the room for a long time, no longer piercing an imaginary foe with his imaginary sword, but smiling at the remembrance of that pleasant, intelligent, and resolute young man.
She took a few steps back and flinched at the first silent contact of his sword with another's.
He pushed her behind him, sword in one hand.
The sword was still clenched in one hand.
The sword implanted next to the downed man's ear, and her small gasp drew the attention of the observers.
He ran his hand through his curly hair and closed the door to the tack room.
Music drifted in from the tack room.
He yanked her away hard enough to knock the breath from her and shoved her into a small tack room.
She carried the water to Princess and then crossed the tack room to the other section of the barn.
To save his client from the gallows, Mr Gordon's defense counsel changed tack by calling evidence to show he was insane.
The Archbishop of Canterbury using a metal detector to locate a carpet tack stuck to a horse.
If you'd like to send them to friends from your phone, however, you'll need to tack an extra picture and video messaging package to the plan you have.
If you think you'll need one of these features, you tack on additional money when you pay for your regular monthly plan.
Small hoop earrings, a tie tack, or a ring will suffice.
After the index rate is determined, lenders also tack on an amount known as the margin.
They were home but still playing love tag at night.
Then we played tag across the country chasing Byrne.
Dusty, can you trace the girl's GPS tag?
Of fibres the most important are cotton, Deccan hemp (Hibiscus cannabinus), and sunn or tag (Crotalaria juncea).
A fun, family-friendly atmosphere and affordable price tag make this restaurant a great place to take the kids for a night out on the town.
Jason met with club members in their classroom then joined them in a game of tag rugby.
The first thing we do here is to specify the HTML tag, which signifies the beginning of an HTML document.
The agent can advise you about stowage options for your flight and ensure that the proper tag is placed on your wheelchair.
Do n't be too fooled by the tag line for this, it makes it sound tacky.
Rachel 's main sport is hockey although she enjoys playing other sports including tag rugby and skiing.
The chief agricultural products are timber, fruit, grain, hemp, flax and vegetables.
Samples of this timber have been studied after forty-three years' immersion in sea-water.
The timber was white pine.
The chief timber of indigenous growth is padouk (Pterocarpus dalbergioides) used for buildings, boats, furniture, fine joinery and all purposes to which teak, mahogany, hickory, oak and ash are applied.
Tecuci has a large transit trade in grain, timber, cattle and horses, on their way from northern and eastern Moldavia to the Danubian ports.
This wealth of plant life is confined to the littoral and the coastal valleys, but the central valleys and the plateaux have, if not a varied flora, a considerable wealth of timber trees in every way superior to the flora inland in the same latitudes.
Jarrah timber is nearly impervious to the attacks of the teredo, and there is good evidence to show that, exposed to wear and weather, or placed under the soil, or used as submarine piles, the wood remained intact after nearly fifty years' trial.
The portal was framed in heavy timber.
She was at anchor surrounded by baulks of timber, and a cordon of boats had been stationed to row guard against an expected Federal attack.
Corn from middle Russia for Astrakhan is transferred from the railway to boats at Tsaritsyn; timber and wooden wares from the upper Volga are unloaded here and sent by rail to Kalach; and fish, salt and fruits sent from Astrakhan by boat up the Volga are here unloaded and despatched by rail to the interior of Russia.
The whole of the tissue of the plant is formed by the division of this apical cell.
You were lucky and there was no torn tissue or fractures.
In the polyp the nervous tissue is always in the form of a scattered plexus, never concentrated to form a definite nervous system as in the medusa.
A small packet wrapped in tissue fell to her lap.
Filaria medinensis - the Guinea worm - is parasitic in the subcutaneous connective tissue of man (occasionally also in the horse).
The ectoderm furnishes the general epithelial covering of the body, and the muscular tissue, nervous system and sense-organs.
Next the larvae make their way into the connective tissue in the pro-thorax, and ultimately bore a channel into the base of the piercing apparatus and come to rest between the hypopharynx and the labium.
Vacuolated tissue of pharyngeal wall, the so-called " pleurochords " of Masterman.
The nervous system of the medusa consists of sub-epithelial ganglion-cells, which form, in the first place, a diffuse plexus of nervous tissue, as in the polyp, but developed chiefly on the subumbral surface; and which are concentrated, in the second place, to form a definite central nervous system, never found in the polyp. In Hydromedusae the central nervous system forms two concentric nerverings at the margin of the umbrella, near the base of the velum.
The tentacles are always solid, containing an axis of endoderm-cells resembling notochordal tissue or plantparenchyma, and are but moderately flexible.
Soap, candles and tobacco are also manufactured, and the town is a centre for local agricultural trade.
The annual expenditure on tobacco was 5s.
He scattered the burning tobacco, smashed the pipe, and threw it away.
There are also large potteries, silk-mills, a brewery and a tobacco factory.
Most of the tobacco is grown in the counties on or near the S.W.
The principal products are Indian corn and tobacco.
The industries of the town include manufactures of cotton, silk, earthenware, machinery and tobacco, with brass and iron founding; while slate and stone are quarried, and there are coal, iron and lead mines in the neighbourhood.
It contains breweries, tanneries, sugar, tobacco, cloth, and silk factories, and exports skins, cloth, cocoons, cereals, attar of roses, "dried fruit, &c. Sofia forms the centre of a railway system radiating to Constantinople (300 m.), Belgrade (206 m.) and central Europe, Varna, Rustchuk and the Danube, and Kiustendil near the Macedonian frontier.
The products of the territorial coast lands are sugar, cotton, tobacco, maize, palm oil, coffee, fine woods and medicinal plants.
The agricultural products are corn, flax, tobacco, grapes and various other fruits.
You'll trash her reputation.
You don't trash a marriage the first time an obstacle comes along.
A trash bag was the highest-tech object Borlaug had.
Stay on the existing trails and roadways, be courteous to other users and remove all trash and equipment.
She pushed fast food trash from the passenger seat.
She laughed without humor and crammed the paper into the trash can.
She would take the trash out before he got home tonight.
She walked down the alley, nose wrinkling at the scents of trash and stagnant water.
I stuffed it in a trash bag and put it in the burn barrel.
It yellows their teeth, makes their breath smell like a trash can, and ruins their health.
He placed the tray across her lap.
He set the tray down on the table and handed a steaming cup of coffee to Señor Medena.
When she entered his room, he was sitting up in bed, a tray of food in front of him.
Breakfast was on the magic obsidian tray next to the bed.
Why did you have that fancy ash tray on your desk if you didn't want anyone to smoke?
She set down a tray with an insulated, silver pot of coffee at its center.
Jessi brought in a tray of coffee.
She emerged from the kitchen with a tray laden with coffee and its accoutrements, a slice of pie and water.
She went to a cabinet and returned with a metal tray and a knife.
She stared at a tray of meat for a long moment.
The round tub was luxurious, and her thoughts turned a different direction.
She stepped out of the tub and dried off.
Later, as she soaked in a deliciously warm tub of water, she thought of the twins.
Her body trembling, she sat on the edge of the Jacuzzi tub, staring into space.
Other detached tracts cover a considerable space in Annandale, one of them ascending the deep defile, known as the Devil's Beef Tub, at the head of that valley.
Thus he could count on presenting free from afterthoughts the vivid impressions which he had first received, and Millet's nature was such that the impressions which he received were always of a serious and often of a noble order, to which the character of his execution responded so perfectly that even a "Washerwoman at her Tub" will show the grand action of a Medea.
In the Tale of a Tub he lashes out in all directions.
She ran the bath water for Destiny and helped her into the tub with her toy before rejoining Alex.
The laundry room was also clean and an old wringer tub still sat in one corner, as though unwilling to completely surrender to modern appliances.
His tone made her want to crawl back into the tub and remain Talon's slave forever.
Her typewriter has no special attachments.
You see, I use a typewriter--it is my right hand man, so to speak.
It was thought advisable for me to have my examinations in a room by myself, because the noise of the typewriter might disturb the other girls.
Long corrections she wrote out on her typewriter, with catch-words to indicate where they belonged.
Although she has used the typewriter since she was eleven years old, she is rather careful than rapid.
She took a plain sheet of white paper from her desk and proceeded with flying fingers to type the 14 names and addresses using an old manual typewriter.
I use the Hammond typewriter.
If you choose this option, use your neatest handwriting, or try to find a typewriter.
This received perforated tape is then used to control what is known as the printer or automatic typewriter, a machine that translates the tape perforations into letters and prints the messages in Roman type in page form.
Constant practice makes the fingers very flexible, and some of my friends spell rapidly--about as fast as an expert writes on a typewriter.
Alex glanced at the vase of dandelions on the counter and nodded.
You're like a vase and the magic is the water.
I like the way the plants follow the curvature of the vase.
The vase is a blue glass with gold leaf.
A glass cup with reliefs carved in the blue and white technique of the Portland Vase, representing a pastoral sacrifice, which was sold by auction in Paris in 1912 for 64,000 francs, was said to have come from Heraclea Pontica.
Concrete planter decorated with mosaic A detail of a vase This mosaic mural is on the south wall of the house.
The "siphon champenois" of Deleuze and Dutillet (1829) was a hollow corkscrew, with valve, which was passed through the cork into a bottle of effervescent liquid, and the "vase siphoide" of Antoine Perpigna (Savaresse Pere), patented in 1837, was essentially the modern siphon, its head being fitted with a valve which was closed by a spring.
In archaeology it is used for the engraved and ornamented handle of a vase, which has often survived when the vase itself, being less durable, has disappeared.
The only entire enamelled vessel which we can confidently attribute to Byzantine art is a small vase preserved in the treasury of St Mark's at Venice.
The presence of these inscriptions may perhaps lead to the inference that the vase was made in Sicily, but by Byzantine workmen.
A wax candle stood at each side of the minister's bent bald head with its gray temples.
If it fails to form a hard cake on cooling, a known weight of wax may be added and the product re-heated.
Industry consists chiefly in corn-milling and the preparation of wax and honey.
The principal products are rice, oil-seeds, lac, tussur silk, horns, hides, wax and a little iron.
The honey and the wax of the wild bee are collected by the natives.
A copper plate having been coated with wax, outline and ornament are cut into the wax, the lettering is impressed with type, and the intaglio thus produced is electrotyped.
In boiling liquids its formation may be prevented by adding paraffin wax; the wax melts and forms a ring on the surface of the liquid, which boils tranquilly in the centre.
From the time when they began to cast bronze statues, Japanese experts understood how to employ a hollow, removable core round which the metal was run in a skin just thick enough for strength without waste of material; and they also understood the use of wax for modelling purposes.
Another highly useful palm is the carnauba or carnahuba (Copernicia cerifera) which supplies fruit, medullary meal, food for cattle, boards and timber, fibre, wax and medicine.
The Germans recognized the staple rights of Bruges for a number of commodities, such as wool, wax, furs, copper and grain, and in return for this material contribution to the growing commercial importance of the town, they received in 1309 freedom from the compulsory brokerage which Bruges imposed on foreign merchants.
Betsy spotted the web site and began monitoring it daily.
I check the web site of After occasionally but have refrained from direct contact.
Why not try that web site bablefish.com?
I been busy surfing the web.
In both cases two eyepieces are employed, one to view each separate web.
Online dating services with dating club matchmaking and uk dating advice for dating web site and dating web sites in the uk.
The American mathematical Society has much mathematical information and links to many other web pages of interest to mathematicians.
Public opinion is a powerful force, and if it is generally a force for peace, then the web magnifies it.
Elastic web weaving by power looms is carried on to a great extent, and the manufacture of lace and net curtains, gimp trimmings, braids and cords.
The union of the index and middle fingers by means of a web extending as far as the terminal joints is the distinctive feature of the siamang, which is the largest of the group, and black in colour with a white frontal band.
He pretended to zip a zipper across his lips.
He fumbled for the light just as the zipper on his tent opened to reveal the bright smile of Betty from Boise.
The side zipper of her shorts was split open, revealing the white of her thigh.
In most cases, the pant's zipper is a single inch.
Oddly enough, some of the benefits of selecting button fly options lie in the drawbacks of zipper fasteners on pants.
These shorts are available in birch, black, and soft grey, have a flat front, and a hook closure with a zipper.
There's a button and zipper closure and Dri-FIT technology.
A zipper style with elastic gussets makes boot wearing a lot more comfortable for a wider calf.
Other features include a zipper fly, button closure and contoured waistband.
Roaman's offers a five pocket, A-line jean style skirt that features a front button and zipper closure, a back yoke and a waistband complete with belt loops.
